
bison feeding-time on a snowy christmas eve near unity saskatchewan canada bison farm ranch snow snowing christmas christmaseve saskatchewan
cottage for sale on bob's lake, ontario 3 bedroom cottage on bob's lake, year round access, furnished, southern exposure, gradual lake entry, great swimming, fishing right off the dock!    posted september 2011 lake canada water cottage fishing sale
winter wildlife a few pictures of the wildlife in southern alberta. a couple of the whitetail are in montana. whitetail mule deer pheasant ruffed grouse moose pronghorn antelope elkwater alberta wildlife coyote winter cypress hills redcliff elk hunting fishing scouting trapping
fishing charter boats, north lake, prince edward island fishing charter boats enter and leave the harbor at north lake, prince edward island, august 2015 fishing boat fishing charter boat north lake prince edward island pei p.e.i. fishing gulph of saint lawrence north side
my ontario-ket-chun-eny lodge temagami.flv for the more adventurous campers who want to leave civilization behind, ket-chun-eny lodge found in the temagami region that contains over 8,000 square kilometers of interconnecting canoe routes and wonderful fishing locations.  hundreds of rock and pine clad lakes, adjoining wetlands, and wild rivers provide breathtaking scenery and a wide diversity of wildlife.  the unique and varied features of the temagami area have been recognized in the establishment of several waterway and wilderness provincial parks, and continues to be a favourite area for canoe tripping.  the area's famous old growth pine stands can be enjoyed during your vacation in the wilderness.    a quiet morning paddlethese parks include the lady evelyn - smoothwater wilderness park, containing scenic look-outs at maple mountain, and ontario's highest point, the ishpatina ridge (693 meters or 2, 275 feet).  other popular points include the clear blue waters of smoothwater and sunnywater lakes, numerous hiking trails, and several scenic waterfalls.  obabika river waterway park extends southwest along lady evelyn lake, diamond lake, and the obabika river.  known as "big pine country", this area boasts pristine lakes lined with magnificent old pine.  the obabika river contains wetland the dreaded war canoe! communities that are famous with nature photographers for moose observation, while the wakimika triangle is noted for its old growth pine stands and hiking trails.  running to the northwest is the sturgeon river waterway park with over 60 sets of rapids providing early season whitewater fun!  completing the loop back to lady evelyn smoothwater park is the solace waterway park with its classic flatwater paddling through pristine lakes.  over 20 canoe routes are well documented in the map "temagami canoe routes", the best guide to your canoeing vacation.  resting at a campsite.any trip into the wilderness should be well planned and within your level of skill.  guides and outfitting services are listed in the accommodations directory.  no-trace camping and conservation of land and water are practiced and encouraged in temagami.  lake temagami supports a large number of campsites that can be used by canoeists during their travels.  some of these have privy boxes, which should be used when available.  packing out what you bring in is highly encouraged.  by eliminating waste left behind and leaving a small footprint, we can ensure the use of these routes for future generations to come and experience a temagami vacation.  if you are planning a canoeing vacation, one of our local outfitters would be happy to give you their expertise and set you up for an adventure on a travel route that will match your skill. ontario canada fishing canoe kayak camping lodges travel log tourism bass guide hiking lullaby outdoors
the best of the eagle's rest 2011 thank you to our great customers for the kind words and continued support, we are so happy you enjoy your time with us.the eagle's rest cabin rentals, general store and marina are located on centennial lake near griffith, ontario. centennial lake is the largest and most underdeveloped lake in eastern ontario with approximately 250 miles of shoreline, providing excellent fishing. from our location on the madawaska river you can travel by boat 10 km up river or 40 km in to centennial or black donald lakes. eagles rest fishing fishing ontario canada centennial lake madawaska river madawaska valley calabogie steve main
fish fry at cranes lochaven lodge on the french river delicious freshly caught pickerel / walleye fish fry at cranes lochaven lodge on the french river! fish, ribs, fries and much more! fish fry french river fishing ontario delicious food cooking outdoors sportsman food amazing fish food
british columbia #doitnau hd  canada (country) british columbia (canadian province) adventure (tv genre) hiking (sport) horse (domesticated animal) lake (geographical feature category) fishing (tv genre) mountain (geographical feature category) whale (animal) fish (animal) bear (animal)
harbourville, nova scotia this is harbourville, nova scotia, on the coast of the bay of fundy, one evening in august, at high tide. harbourville nova scotia fishing boats harbor water high tide bay of fundy
 dhc-2 beaver  river air  kenora water aerodrome  lake of the woods  -         dhc-2 beaver        walleye lake,   , . lake of the woods (lake) funfishing.ca      chestyle chernyakov  chestyletv fishing canada     dhc-2 beaver river air kenora water aerodrome   
bwca 2016 - entry point 38 - sawbill outfitters bwca 2016 - entry point 38 to cherokee lake.  we had another fantastic trip to the bwca with a great group of guys.  this is our journey... bwca bwcaw sawbill lake cherokee lake canoing camping hammock adventure sawbill outfitters fishing ada creek mn darin bjerknes hammocking entry point 38
fisheries plane busing us.avi sure a fast quiet plane. fisheries and ocean geoduck dave tofino ocean fishery fishing boat fly plane
 dhc-2 beaver  river air  kenora water aerodrome  lake of the woods  -         dhc-2 beaver        walleye lake,   , . lake of the woods (lake) funfishing.ca      chestyle chernyakov  chestyletv fishing canada     dhc-2 beaver river air kenora water aerodrome   
   dhc-2 beaver  river air  walleye lake    -         dhc-2 beaver        walleye lake,   , . funfishing.ca      chestyle chernyakov  chestyletv fishing canada     dhc-2 beaver river air   walleye lake
petit riviere de tracadie 2(camp d arm ile de sable)coeur f compilation de photo dla ptite riviere de tracadie camp d arm ile de sable saison 2008 acadien pche aux homamusic acadienne acadie acadian folklorique cajun folk lobster fishing homards violon fidle ironwork ironworker ironworkers steel climbing amazing crazy strenght dardevil stunt action america zachary richard alternative blues classical country electronic folk hip-hop indie jazz pop r&b rap tits sex rock 1755 fayo harmonium desjardin roch voisine
ironworkers local 842 et  721 compilation de photo d ironworker acadien pche aux homamusic acadienne acadie acadian folklorique cajun folk lobster fishing homards violon fidle ironwork ironworker ironworkers steel climbing amazing crazy strenght dardevil stunt action americ zachary richard alternative blues classical country electronic folk hip-hop indie jazz pop r&b rap tits sex rock
wigwam resort's vexilar tutorial  12-20-12 greetings from the wigwam resort!    here is a quick vexilar tutorial for you!  tom briggs will take you through some tips and tricks for this essential piece of equipment.  to book your next vacation to the wigwam resort on beautiful lake of the woods, call us at 1-800-448-9260. wigwam resort lake of the woods baudette mn minnesota fishing minnesota northern minnesota walleye fishing lake of the woods fishing vexilar vexilar tutorial fishing tutorial
     walleye lake  . great northern loon, ontario canada  -         dhc-2 beaver        walleye lake,   , . funfishing.ca      chestyle chernyakov  chestyletv fishing canada      loon great northern loon    walleye lake
lake trout a fishing rod, a canoe, and a dream. lake trout fishing canada fish canoe
float plane - gopro - air ivanhoe when the pro pilots at air ivanhoe are nice enough to let your strap a gopro to the pontoon strut of your plane, you can get some pretty awesome footage! this is the flight out of beattie lake lodge and back to the lodge.   awesome week of epic fishing gopro (award-winning work) float plane float plane foleyet ontario (location) beattie lake flight fly-in fishing fly-in fishing air airplane flying aviation (industry) aircraft
cessna caravan amphibian departing wylie lake, alberta cessna caravan amphibian departing wylie lake, alberta fly-in fishing fishing cessna caravan alberta (canadian province) cessna (organization) amphibious aircraft (aircraft type) canada (country)
float plane trailer take off watch as a float plane takes off of a moving trailer. great footage of this unique way of moving the float planes from the shop to the lake! includes some fotage of whitehorse, yukon. enjoy!!! fishing videos canada fishing videos wilderness fishing yukon bernard stehelin northern pike fishing fly fishing lake trout fishing arctic grayling fishing burbot fishing whitefish fishing fishing tips fishingyukon float plane trailer take off float plane airplane take off airplane (invention)
wtf? port of orillia waterfront, orillia, ontario i have this long over due video i wanted to post up. there's no fish caught in this video. this is more for a general overview of how the waterfront area looks like. i have a separate video of me catching a bass last year with my gopro. where to fish where to fish in gta gta fishing fishing outside toronto fishing in gta fishing in toronto urban fishing urban shore fishing toronto urban fishing ratnak t.u.f.a toronto urban fishing ambassadors gopro fishing gopro black edition bass fishing toronto orillia orilla ontario orillia waterfront orillia fishing fishing in orillia where to fish wtf?
lake wilcox park, richmond hill, on i had decided to check out the new lake wilcox boulevard and they did an amazing job. the place is great for a walk and watching the sunset. there is no fishing in any of the areas shown in the video.  fishing is only available at vanek park at the far end of the park. please follow the laws.  lake wilcox, richmond hill, ontario where to fish in gta gta fishing fishing outside toronto fishing in gta fishing in toronto urban fishing urban shore fishing ratnak gopro fishing gopro black edition bass fishing toronto where to fish? where to fish in toronto where to fish around toronto fishing around toronto wilcox lake (lake) tourist destination tourism (interest) lake wilcox park richmond hill park lake wilcox richmond hill
algonquin - cauliflower lake - august 2016 our third annual back country camping trip, this time to algonquin provincial park - cauliflower lake.  august 16 to 19, 2016  music: windswept artist: kevin macleod the song is permitted for commercial use under license attribution 3.0 unported (cc by 3.0) camping algonquin provincial park canoe paddling backcountry back country algonquin provincial park cauliflower lake east gate whitney dream catcher motel cockroach woodroach wood roach fishing bass trout perch yt:crop=16:9
sandspit adventures view the picturesque fishing resort and the beautiful scenery! contact 1-888-637-2210 or  fishing fishing charter haida gwaii (island group) sandspit (city/town/village) sandspit adventures
close encounter of the... whale kind fishing prince rupert - dundas island - british columbia, canada fishing salmon bc canada orca whales
mercury 4 hp gearcase oil change and dropping gearcase to fix rubber plug changing the gearcase oil on the 4hp merury outboard . gettin ready for 2013 fishing season, bobber down goprofishing bobberdown bobberdownfilms novascotiacanada mercury 4hp gearcase oil change outboard mitch edwards rubber plug mercury 4hp outboard how to outboard service outboard maintance outboard routine maintance
rc cwr she floats axial honcho boating tf2 and 2 axials out for an evening trail run. the last time we had the honcho down by the river we noticed it floated with the new 2.2 tires. so the kids and i head out to see how well it actually floats. it floats amazing lol thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.  google+       instagram     face book     music by silent partner youtube audio library daisy dukes dc love go-go    fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   nicodemousbain  ken    rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
fly tying: the dubbing brush woolly bugger how to video on tying a version of the popular woolly bugger. the technique of building a dubbing brush with a nor vise can be used on many fly patterns. woolly bugger fly tying (hobby) fishing lake catch nor vise fishing alberta fly fishing canada fly fishing (sport)
exploring all alberta parks #1 - chain lakes provincial park exploring all alberta parks #1 - chain lakes provincial park alberta:  situated right along highway 22 (the cowboy trail) just south of longview and west of nanton alberta. great spot for fishing rainbow trout, and taking a picnic. chain lakes provincial park alberta parks provincial park alberta canada recreation alberta fishing alberta fishing rainbow trout (organism classification) picnic alberta cowboy trail cowboy trail fishing
driving in wawa, on snowstorm january 2010.  wawa, ontario, canada.  heading to the airport driving snowstorm winter storm snow
exploring all alberta parks #2 - willow creek provincial park exploring all alberta parks #2 - willow creek provincial park alberta.  situated about 100km south of calgary and just west of stavely and highway #2. located south of and nearby pine coulee reservoir. great spot for camping and fishing. willow creek provincial park recreation alberta alberta parks fishing alberta picnic alberta camping alberta camping south of calgary camping calgary camping south alberta cowboy trail alberta cowboy trail fishing provincial parks provinvial parks alberta stavely alberta
end of an era - canadian princess fishing resort removed from ucluelet bc the end of an era, the canadian princess moored in ucluelet bc as a floating fishing resort was removed on sept 30th 2016 on its last voyage to a scrape yard in surrey bc. it was in ucluelet for about 36 years and was a real boost to the village of ucluelet flying in large amounts of people for fishing on there charter boat fleet    there is still fishing in ucluelet bc area.....   salmon and halibut fishing with wildpacificcharters.com  in ucluelet bc canada salmon halibut fishing ucluelet bc canada sport fishing canadian princess fishing resort whale watching mv william j stewart wild pacific charters fishing charters land mark ucluelet fishing canada ucluelet bc ucluelet
shubenacadie canal -2016 hd - dartmouth , nova scotia often growing up iv seen this river system and never got a boat in it. so when we went out on the weekend i brought along  the go pro so you could come along for the ride. a beautiful place. great park, trails and history.  thanks for watching goprofishing bobberdown bobberdownfilms novascotiacanada shubenacadie canal dartmouth n.s
bio dome in montreal a look through the glass at some really big fish at the bio dome in montreal canada. goprofishing bobberdown bobberdownfilms novascotiacanada montreal biodome (zoo)
beaver lake promo video beaver lake resort, winfield, bc.  owner: adrian hasler  250-762-2225    email: info@beaverlakeresort.com beaver lake beaver lake bc cabins for rent fishing in bc beaver lake lodge beaver lake resort bc fishing resorts beaver lake winfield bc dee lake bc oyama lake bc fishing bc trout fishing bc fishing okanagan resort promotions fishing boat rentals cabin rentals camping bc
barred owl  baby dance.  barred owl (organism classification) animal (film genre) owl (animal) barred owl baby baby animals owlet barred owl offspring
rm of foam lake aerial video of a real estate property. dji phantom gopro re/max blue chip realty realtor real estate farm farmer farmland agriculture saskatchewan grain acreage
2014 kingfisher flex 1925 fishing boat -  a virtual walkaround of the 2014 kingfisher flex 1925 fishing boat. the kingfisher 1925 flex sc (side console) boat. the flex series is quickly developing the reputation of the smoothest & driest ride on the water. with the full length, high performance delta keel, engineered full length reverse chines, performance lifting strakes and a solid, one-inch thick bow keel guard and centre keel and you will start to understand why. with the single console layout, you can enjoy all the space in the world while you fight that big musky or land those tournament winning bass. truly, a full featured and ultimate performing multi-species fishing machine. fishing boat kingfisher kingfisher fing boat kingfisher flex 2014 kingfisher flex 1925 fishing boat kingfisher flex 1925 fishing boat kingfisher flex 1925 lund fishing boat lund lowe lowe fishing boat crestliner crestliner fishing boat g3 g3 fishing boat stanley stanley boat
fundy tides at alma, new brunswick the tides of the bay of fundy are some of the largest in the world. one of the best places to observe the natural phenomenon is the small fishing village of alma, new brunswick. alma is located at the edge of the fundy national park.   video and stills were taken on september 12, 2012.  edited with corel videostudio pro x4.  music: chairdance by tyde  a production of  bay of fundy alma new brunswick fundy national park canada tide fishing boat high tide low tide
cen xtm what doo you guys think of cen and xtm rc models.  !!   i like to know, thanks  !! xtm cen
tyee marine - hunting fishing outdoors tyee marine - courtenay - campbell river - online check us out at:  tyee marine fishing hunting outdoors archery big game compound bow browning scotty downrigger vortex scope campbell river courtenay canada islander tomic lowrance vancouver island canadian hunting canadian fishing outfitter cabela's wholesale sports outdoor outfitters camping outdoor supplies
eagan lake photo-lapse collage a series of photos and time laspses i shot up on vacation at eagan lake british columbia  music by boards of canada dolnik eagan lake time lapse clouds trees stars northern lights aurora borealis driving dragon flies deer sail boat sky
bush flying in a floatplane location gods lake at elk island lodge in northern canada, manitoba. the float plane was a beaver. we flew over to edmund lake and saw beautiful scenery and shorelines of the huge gods lake. flying gods lake beaver north canada manitoba lake seaplane floatplane plane elk island lodge fishing lodge float plane sea plane bush flying sea plane take off sea plane chrash plane crash float plane crash water plane crash bush fly alaska flying northern canada north manitoba north canada float plane flying northern manitoba sea plane flying manitoba northern manitoba canada canada aviation float plane flying burlaga burlaga fishing bft
nipigon river below cameron falls dam this is quite normal flow for mid-july nipigon river current fly-fishing
linear park - penfield, ny a collection of photos from the reclaimed section of irondequoit creek that runs through linear park in penfield, new york. it is truly an urban park with seasonal trout and year round pan fish fishing - as well as winter and early spring runs of salmon from lake ontario. you can picnic, exercise walk and walk the dog, jog, or just sit and watch the stream at the many places to do so. all this within minutes of most locations in the rochester region. linear park penfield new york fishing trout fishing salmon fishing rochester parks park trails irondequoit creek channing philbrick park
orca watching rivers inlet at duncanby lodge  orca watching whale rivers inlet sport fishing
new brunswick's beauty: rivers // la beaut du nouveau-brunswick : cours d'eau discover new brunswick's river experiences // des vacances au fil de l'eau  rivers run in every direction in new brunswick, creating everything from gently swirling currents to rapidly rushing whitewater. // le vaste rseau de rivires du nouveau-brunswick sillonne la beaut sauvage des forts, parcourt les campagnes paisibles et fait son chemin jusqu la baie de fundy, la baie des chaleurs et la mer.   watch more of new brunswick's beauty // dautres exemples de la beaut du nouveau-brunswick : #1 see the world's highest tides // au royaume des mares gantes :    #2 your best beach vacation begins here // plages de sable, vacanes de rve :   #3 discover your acadian joie de vivre // une acadie vivante et passionne :    #5 say hello to the great outdoors in our parks // des parcs grandeur nature :   #6 taste true new brunswick cuisine // sorties gourmandes du nouveau-brunswick :  nb new brunswick travel tourism rivers river fly-fishing fly fishing rivires pche au saumon salmon fishing nouveau-brunswick canada nouveau-brunswick canada new brunswick canada new brunswick (canadian province) pche  la mouche atlantic salmon miramichi river tourist destination miramichi river (river) miramichi (city/town/village)
summer solstice june 2011 - canada rocky mountain high this ain't, but it's close.  up in the mountains of british columbia there are many lakes and lodges catering to campers and fishermen.   predominantly the fish of choice is the rainbow or kamloops trout, colorful and good eating, they are relatively easy to catch. fly fishing, trolling or just fishing with bait like worms can be productive.   this video was filmed at beaver lake which is about 20 km from kelowna.   warning!!! bring mosquito / bug spray.....    music by olga scotland 07 - blue-grey mist beaver lake lodge fishing camp cabins camping rv outdoors weekend fun holiday summer canada tourism bc travel family fly-fishing trolling boat rentals swimming mountain biking hiking
oyster bed lots x 2 for sale oceanview prince edward island canada n. of charlottetown pei reduced to $34,900 (7/27/13)  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance. this is 2 building lots in oyster bed prince edward island canada. near  wheatley river, rustico, bungay, hunter river, new glascow, rennies road, brackley point, cymbria, anglo rustico, prince edward island (pei) canada. located north west of charlottetown, north east of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
2014 bc winter steelhead dji phantom gopro hero video/edit: chad smith justin spence, jared cady, matt klara fishing.  no fish vid/pics, just aerials.  song is by dexter britain "on my way home".  settings: 2.7k medium protunes camera raw. cc 2104 edit. chad smith justin spence jared cady bc steelhead dji phantom grpro hero black steelhead spey flyfishing fly fishing
coroplast one sheet speed boat plans for the coro speed boat are now available at:     coroplast boat speed boat one sheet boat fishing boat light boat simple boat fishing lake boat kids boat
frozen shot on a very cold january 16, 2015 over the beach and harbour of port dover ontario.  music - colossus from juqboxmusic via istock  to use this video in a commercial player or in broadcasts, please email licensing@storyful.com port dover ontario norfolk county aerial drone phantom tim warris canada flying frozen (award-winning work) helicopter toronto simcoe ontario (city/town/village) erie beach north shore freshwater fishery fishing boat lighthouse pier friday 13th
kingfisher 2025 hht fishing boat a virtual walkaround of the 2014 kingfisher discovery 2025 hht welded plate aluminum fishing boat, manufactured in b.c.  the boat boasts a 96' beam and is 20'1" long that has a cab forward design making the cockpit are enormous and is tall enough for a person over 6' tall able to stand up straight and not bang their head. fishing fishing boat aluminum kingfisher lund legend crestliner lowe g3 boats starcraft smoker craft ontario lake bass pike pickeral walleye perch crappie boat show boat (taxonomy subject) fly trolling salmon trout catfish whitefish jigging casting downriggers burts tracks boat sales largemouth bass (organism classification) rapids plate aluminum welded aluminum welded plate aluminum
snow - p4 selfie stick snow - p4 selfie stick whats with this white stuff, could use a little help here....lol this is not how i want to spend my off season,,,, its time to start getting the boat ready for fishing,,,, not shoveling this dam snow, cleared the driveway once already and as i am uploading this video,,, it's snowing again..... well at least i can play a bit with my phantom 4, this p4 is unreal, soon i will be making some videos of the west coast around ucluelet, long beach and tofino....  book now!! salmon and halibut fishing with wild pacific charters in ucluelet bc canada salmon halibut fishing ucluelet bc canada sport fishing p4 phantom 4 selfie stick selfie ucluelet fishing wild pacific charters ucluelet bc wild
sea rocket sportfishing wadhams bc aerial view august 2015 fishing recreational fishing (sport)
hd version of blackfish lodge, b.c., september 2009 hd version of late september 2009 trip. salmon fishing fly fishing british columbia canada fishing lodge fishing trip salmon halibut trout steelhead blackfish lodge
blackfish lodge wildlife wildlife viewing at blackfish lodge, b.c, canada salmon fishing fly fishing british columbia canada fishing lodge fishing trip salmon halibut trout steelhead blackfish lodge
12.1.2012 eagles waiting for the boat to go fishing! i live in the #1 international fishing port of unalaska/dutch harbor, alaska.  i thought this was funny how the eagles (mr. and mrs.) are just sitting on the stern of this fishing boat like they are waiting for the boat to catch them some fish to eat! eagle unalaska dutch harbor fishing boat alaska
pull the plug - don't be a thug! new alberta law requires the drain plug is to be removed from your boat when transporting it. also remember it is mandatory to stop at a watercraft inspection station. let's do our part to keep aquatic invasive species out of albert's lakes, rivers & streams. michael short let's go outdoors outdoors alberta alberta tourism alberta parks watercraft fishing boat pleasure craft zebra mussles quagga mussels environment
dans la cale d'un crevettier presque plein oceanos fishing, qc, canada bateau de peche fishing boat chalutier trawler ship boat bateau shrimp crevette riviere au renard 65 feet crevettier
[how to make] wooden fishing boat #wooden fishing boat  cr by : dm idea -----------------------------------------------------------------  - connect with me -  subscribe:  facebook:  vimeo:   twitter  viyu success how to better help life wooden fishing boat wooden boat woode woodworking scrollsaw scroll saw boat fishing boat d.i.y how to make how to make fishing boat how to make wooden boat dm idea video wideo
kingfisher 1825 flex fishing boat -  a virtual walkaround of the 2014 kingfisher 1825 flex fishing boat.  this is just a little video outlining the highlights of the interesting welded plate aluminum fishing boat.  kinfisher fishing boat flex fishing vessel (sports equipment) boat fishing aluminum boat aluminum fishing boat welded aluminum boat welded aluminum fishing boat lund lund fishing boat
fishing boats with a lot of space when doing a lot of deep fishing in rough water, it's nice to be able to have all the gear you might need with you but also a bit of space to maneuver around it all. italo introduces the seabreeze boats, which have been modified to give you considerable leg room when out on the water. these boats are great when fishing for salmon or trout in deep water.  produced by  for csf 28 06 tip 2. fishing fish italo labignan canadian sportfishing  rapala yamaha sail insect defend patch ufindfish river hawk boats csf 28 06 tip 2 recreational fishing (sport) fishing vessel (ship type) fishing boat salmon trout (organism classification) deep water fishing seabreeze boats
jean cristelle (c. robitaille 45), caraquet 2014 voici le premier navire de pche polyvalent, construit  bas-caraquet !  fait totalement en fibre de verre, la construction fut soumise  inspection transports canada (certifi  200 miles nautiques).  initiateur du projet : claude robitaille  bateau: jean cristelle srie:(c. robitaille 45), juillet 2014, caraquet, nouveau-brunswick.  site officiel de construction naval atlantique:  caraquet (city/town/village) jean cristelle c robitaille 45 pilot boat fishing boat bateau de pche
ggc - 25 - huge iceburg, humpback whale, and newfoundland hospitality part 21 of our road trip across northern quebec and eastern canada. while on the northern peninsula of newfoundland, we heard about a humongous iceberg that could be seen from the shore.  we asked for directions at a nearby campground and two gentlemen who happened to be there, offered to take us out onto the water to see it up close.  we then encountered a humpback whale, and ended it off with a glass of rum on ice... iceberg ice! humpback whale (organism classification) whale (animal) tourist destination canada (country) newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) iceberg alley iceberg van swelling travel van life living in a van full time rv class b motor home road trip relationship honeymoon sunset atlantic ocean fishing boat boat tourism (interest) pleasureway
zodiac adventure: bear lake with allie subscribe to tnp for more videos like this:  subscribe to nutns b channel too:  sub to tnp twitter feed:   signed shell casings, cool tnp gear and other cool tnp gear at:   zodiac pro open review zodiac grand raid bombar c4 review c3 review best inflatable boat saturn boat review achillese boat avon boat ab inflatable review aleko inflatable boat review fastest inflatable dive boat fishing boat family boat best boat affordable boating nutnfancy zodiac nutnfancy evinrude review etec review zodiac boat review zodiac futura review sea eagle review bear lake zodiac
harbourville, nova scotia the fishing village of harbourville is located in nova scotia, canada on the bay of fundy. the bay of fundy has the worlds highest tides, so, as seen here,  the fishing boats end up sitting on the bottom of the harbour at low tide. nova scotia harbourville canada bay of fundy low tide fishing boat harbour harbor tide fishing lobster
2007 mirrocraft holiday 1737 fishing boat great fishing package ready for spring! this is a great value full of great options. use it for fishing, touring, or taking the family out on the water.  fishing boat used boats mirrocraft
homemade boat loader here is my home made boat loader system. in this video i show it operating (both loading & unloading)  i created this system because my boat, a lund wc12, weighs in at 205 pounds.  much too heavy for me to heave up on a truck rack by myself.  i used an atv winch welded to some square tube steel into my front receiver hitch.  this allows me go camping with my toys!  i also carry my dirt bike on the front of the truck on a motorcycle carrier.   i created this because the fully automatic boat loaders cost $3000 or more and my system came in just over $500.    you may view another video of the details of the boat loader system by clicking on the link at the end of  the video or here -  boat loader automatic boat loader truck rack lund wc12 lund wc lund camping with boat boat fails boat launch boat launch fails winch boat rv camping wilderness camping lake fishing bc fishing bc salmon fishing aluminum boat 12 foot aluminum auto boat loader eide boat loader afd loaders 4 boys boat loader load it boat loader
quai de caraquet film par un drone - caraquet dock film by drone 2016 quai de caraquet - avril 2016  le port de caraquet (aussi appel quai de caraquet ou encore quai des young) est un quartier de la ville de caraquet, au nouveau-brunswick (canada). utilis depuis plus de deux sicles, le port est au centre de l'conomie et de l'histoire de la rgion. c'est l'un des principaux port de pche de la province. le port est galement, de nos jours, l'une des principales attractions touristique de la rgion ainsi qu'un centre culturel.  pour vous inscrire  ma chaine youtube et tre avertie lors de nouvelle vido seront publi cliqu ici:     caraquet dock april 2016  the caraquet harbor (also called caraquet dock or quai des young ) is a district of the town of caraquet, new brunswick ( canada). used for over two centuries , the port is the central point of the economy and history of the region. this is one of the major provincial fishing port. the port is also , today , one of the main tourist attractions of the region and also a cultural center .   to find out when the video will be available , please subscribe to my youtube channel here :   -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- please watch: "chasse  l'orignal - moose hunting - o'brien's moose adventure 2016"   -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- caraquet quai de caraquet film par un drone - caraquet dock film by drone 2016 quai des young port de caraquet caraquet harbor fishing boat crabe fishing pche quai dock boat nb fishing shrimp pche aux homards pche homard pche crevette new-brunswick drone nouveau-brunswick marcel ct quai de caraquet film par un drone caraquet dock film by drone 2016 caraquet 2016 acadie de nos coeur bas-caraquet peche quai caraquet homards lobsters caraquet by drone
incredible dolphin experience at englefield bay all we can say is wow! this gopro footage was respectfully captured after several species of bc dolphins approached a boat to bow ride at our englefield bay location, one of our two luxury fly-in fishing lodges in haida gwaii, bc.   for more information on a westcoast resorts fishing getaway call us toll free at 1.800.810.8933 online:  facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  westcoast resorts west coast resorts fishing british columbia angling bc canada adventure dolphin (character species) wildlife (film subject) haida gwaii (island group) recreational fishing (sport) adventure travel whale watching boating gopro underwater photography (film cinematographer) englefield bay dall's porpoise (organism classification) pacific ocean (body of water) pacific white-sided dolphin (organism classification) tourist destination nature
vedder river, fraser valley, chilliwack, british columbia description chilliwack (city/town/village) fraser valley regional district (administrative division) river vancouver vedder road fishing best place in chilliwack buy a house here house hunting recreational fishing (sport) british columbia (canadian province) canada vancouver island (geographical feature)
the one and only model ship bluenose ii (2006) on youtube this is my second bluenose model (i used the first, a smaller-scale bluenose i, as a sort of "trial run"), completed in early 2006. the kit, by bateaux leclerc, reproduces the original bluenose ii ship (1963), which differs from the contemporary ship we know today. my current project is another bluenose ii model on the same scale, but in the more contemporary version (see my video "at the helm of bluenose ii in 2006"). i expect to complete it sometime in 2009. oups... make that 2010!  --------------------------------------------  aprs un rodage effectu avec un petit modle du bluenose i, j'ai complt ce bluenose ii au dbut de 2006. le kit, sign bateaux leclerc, reproduit le navire original de 1963, qui diffre du voilier que nous connaissons aujourd'hui. mon projet actuel, que je compte achever en 2010, est un autre modle du bluenose ii selon la mme chelle, mais qui reproduira le navire dans sa version contemporaine (voir ma vido intitule at the helm of bluenose ii in 2006). hobby building kit sailing sailboat bluenose schooner tallship fishing boat voilier
wigwam resort presents:  how to clean a walleye with tom briggs ever been embarrassed because all your friends can clean a fish and you can't?  has your father-in-law shaken his head at you while he heads out to the fish cleaning house?  not anymore!  this video will walk you through, step by step, in how to clean your walleye.  tom briggs is a master guide and has been cleaning fish for most of his life.  we will show you how to clean your fish so there isn't a bone left to choke you with.  we will also show you how to prep a sauger for travel, so that the dnr won't throw the book at you.  thank you for watching, and you should share this video with your friends and family so that everybody knows how to clean a fish!  never know when this knowledge might come in handy!    wigwam resort is located on beautiful lake of the woods in baudette, mn.  we would love to take you out on the best walleye fishery in the world and let you experience a little bit of heaven, right here in minnesota.  give us a call and book your guided fishing trip today!    phone number:  1-800-448-9260  website:   facebook page:     thank you to tom briggs for being awesome. thank you to gary tank for filming and not being afraid of a little fish guts on the camera. thank you to liz siats for editing this educational masterpiece. fishing walleye sauger de-bone fish cleaning fish filet fish walleye filet sauger filet dnr filet knife wigwam resort lake of the woods rainy river baudette mn northern minnesota fish guts fish cleaning house tom briggs gary tank liz siats wigwam fishing northern minnesota up north electric filet knife
nakina ontario - lower twin lakes sept 2012 pennocks cabin nakina ont dock view quiet water pennocks fishing walleye pike ontario (canadian province) canada (country)
gerhard's world....!!! gerhard's travels and adventures in northern ontario.... gerhard gehrmann minaki ontario canada black river camp winnipeg kenora redditt northern northwestern
shawn wiseman - i know you'll never be mine video of outport newfoundland- a love story  shawn wiseman, the wiseman brothers, premiere_elements_13 shawn wiseman newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) fishing (tv genre) newfoundland (geographical feature) rural area (geographical feature) newfoundland music traditional music folk music (musical genre) the wiseman brothers gander gander (city/town/village) gander international airport (airport) know never mine i know twillingate (city/town/village) salvage (film) little harbour
nwt part i the first part of my adventures in the nwt,  canada northwest territories (canadian territory) motorcycle (automotive class) adventure (tv genre) north arctic argentina arctic to argentina thekeitchy advrider nwt canada skiidoo ice fishing fort northern lights fort liard fort simpson fort nelson ride road trip travel north america road reality television (tv genre) archery (interest) hand games drum dance snow ice ice road wet cold
what romppai's & romppai's u-haul dealer center sells and services we offer we get asked all the time, what all do you sell, what all services do you offer, well the short and long of it is, 29 years ago i started off as a fishing tackle mfg, then went into a wholesale distributor, well today. we not only wholesale many product lines including our own name brand fishing tackle, in 2013 i moved my shop from laukka laine, of auto road in kaministiquia ont. to the city of thunder bay, on. in current river on arundel street. in the past year i have moved this great adventure 2 times in order to fit the needs of our customers, we are now located at 355 n cumberland street thunder bay, on. p7a4p4. in the late 1970's currant river lost its only hardware store, so to fill that huge gap i started stocking many hardware product, electrical products in both dc and ac, plumbing, computers, electronics, marine parts for all makes and models of i/o and outboards from sierra and many other marine brands, as well as marine repairs, small engine repairs, we sell and install trailer hitch's, 5th wheel hitch's, trailer repairs, automotive oil changes, servicing and minor repairs, the list keeps going, right into u-haul rentals, u-haul used truck sales, u-haul u-box storage  and so much more, so to better cover all this and much more, i thought i would do many live video's to show off all our products, service, so you the end consumer can get a much deeper insight to everything we have to offer you. this is a huge under taking, and can not be all covered in one or 2 videos, so this will  be a series of live video's to come fishing computer camping hot water heating pontoon boat dock kits u-haul rentals u-haul u-box storage trailer hitch 5th wheel hitch water fun electronics marine service propaine tanks propaine heaters trailer lighting ez-loader trailers shop repairs bike carriers ramps moving supplies welding repair steel mfg battiers battery cable cat5e cat6e marine halling bait lugs tv-wall-mounts hardware rg6 #hangoutsonair hangouts on air #hoa
freshwater fishing holidays - travel alberta, canada your alberta freshwater fishing holiday offers spectacular scenery and wildlife viewing, an abundance of trophy sized fish and pristine waterways like maligne lake in the canadian rockies.  for more information about fishing in alberta visit:   travel alberta fish jasper canada fishing rockies maligne lake mountains nature vacation tourism remember to breath summer family
section a long trip 2015 spent some time with camp wabun in northern ontario over the summer. took 38 days and roughly 1000 miles to get the boys from  the shores of windigo lake to the coast of hudson bay. camp wabun wabun askmeaboutwabun canada (country) paddling canoeing (sport) canoe (ship type) camping (literature subject) treking outdoor education (literature subject) outdoor recreation (interest) northern bush ontario (canadian province) hudson bay (body of water) hudson's bay company (business operation) gopro (award-winning work) gopro be a hero summer (literature subject) river travel trail blazer tripping wild whitewater recreational fishing (sport)
a regular afternoon in campbell river | cr show vlog ep9 not a lot going on in campbell river during the height of summer. except this. there's a lot of this.  the fish are in the fish are in the river. the people are in the river. we're having a lot of fun here in campbell river! campbell river campbell river videos campbell river vlog campbell river blog about campbell river swimming in the campbell river tubing down the campbell river salmon fishing campbell river salmon campbell river outdoors campbell river outdoor recreation outdoor recreation west-coast outdoors fly fishing campbell river fishing river fishing river sportsman west coast wild life canadian outdoors swimming with salmon
edu-cast high school bass tournament! welcome everyone to my channel. this is a little summary video of my team fishing in the edu-cast high school bass fishing tournament in st catherine's, ontario. our team did not do very well as nothing seem to be biting, we had only one member of our team finished in the top 10. this is only one of many tournaments i will be doing this upcoming summer so make sure to stay tuned to the channel. thanks for watching and make sure to subscribe. fishing bass walleye rapala thesearch pike largemouth smallmouth tournament trout salmon boat boating shimano
summerside prince edward island pei real estate 490 south drive house of sale west of charlottetown reduced to $164,888. subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and get all pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: country living in the city with the possibility of sub-dividing lots to pay for part of the house. this home has been completely renovated from top to bottom, and is absolutely gorgeous from every angle. the best feature is the extra extra large lot, 2.2 acres, and the fact that there is nothing but forest behind you. perfect for people that want to live in the city of summerside, with the complete privacy of the country. there is enough room in the back yard for your own tennis courts, small putting or golf range, volleyball net, pool, trampoline, private gardens, mini-farm, and much more - could be a child`s safe paradise. this is a very rare find. put this on your list for a definitely must see! the home is priced to sell. located reads corner, travellers rest, sherbrooke, miscouche, linkletter, bedeque, schurmans point, north bedeque, union corner, st. eleanors, wilmot valley, lower bedeque, fernwood, linkletter provincial park, and confederation bridge. located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and in summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.   this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13069248. video youtube link:  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
diving for sunken treasure diving dangerous fishing reef for lost fishing gear and  lead cannon balls. west coast british columbia. sooke, treasure hunting reef diving boating fishing crabbing fishing gear cannon balls lead balls sunken metal wreck diving anchor line current wet suit seagulls sooke b.c. flashers hootchies hooks outdoors adventures boats
early morning at the cabin - salmonier pond newfoundland a cloudy day at the cabin is still better than a sunny day at work!   this is aerial video of some of the family cabin at salmonier pond on the burin peninsula in newfoundland and labrador canada. the "pond" is know for it's beautiful location nestled into a valley in the rolling rocky bluffs. this is a favorite spot for anglers and has some very nice trout and is a salmon spawning area.  the pond is especially beautiful in the early morning, when the water is like a mirror, but is beautiful any time of day or year.  thanks for watching and don't forget to like, comment and subscribe :) cottage (accommodation type) cabin burin (city/town/village) aerial tramway (product category) video drone lake pond newfoundland canada videography anglers fishing newfoundland and labrador (canadian province)
red river lockport pelicans pelicans on the red river in lockport, manitoba, canada check out our blog at:  like us on facebook at:  protect the red river mb lockport pelicans manitoba selkirk fish fishing anglers water dam locks cats bird shore
kalamalka lake provincial park!! vernon bc wow!!! it's beautiful! unbelievable day! - cindy even went swimming! this is beautiful british columbia and kalamalka lake provincial park, vernon bc. check out the color of that water!  yes it is officially fall, the weather is still hot and sunny and the colors are breath taking.  music by diego da cruz pereira kalamalka lake provincial park vernon bc british columbia vacations destinations traveling canada olympics 2010 touring hiking mountain biking fishing hotels camping hiking parks real estate sailing bird watching water sports boating rentals skiing snowboarding cold stream vernon yt:crop=16:9 bcfieldreporterjcv jcv jcvdude localsknow ctc canadiantourism videos production kelowna new media news thompson okanagan holiday travel packages tourismbc hellobc
the albright knot a detailed how to video tutorial of how to tie the albright knot. this is a great knot that can be used to attach fly line to backing or attaching a leader to fly line. presented by bow river troutfitters in calgary alberta, canada. knot fly fishing knot fishing knot fly fishing (sport) albright knot
simms headwaters guide hip pack this is a product review video for the simms headwaters guide hip pack. bow river troutfitters sells this and many more fly fishing products online and in their store in calgary alberta, canada. fly fishing (sport) fly fishing alberta fly fishing gear fishing gear simms fishing products simms gear
gopro wakeboarding with boat camera just me foolin' around with cameras. same run. extreme gopro wakeboarding boat lake camera water
tree friendly suspension system - prusik knot please use this simple, inexpensive user-friendly set-up to hang your amazing wilderness camp / hammock chair or your amazing wilderness camp cot.  are you a knot knob?  no problem.  learn two simple knots and you can enjoy the comfort of hanging in the forest.  get off the ground, econo challenge style.  the setting for this video is crown land forest located just outside north frontenac parklands, ontario, canada.  thanks for watching!  comfortable alternative hammock mode set up using a spreader bar, click here:   please watch visit the shugemery channel for an entertaining and detailed series of videos on the latest in hammock hanging. hammock hangin how to part 1 - 10  if you would like your own amazing wilderness camp / hammock chair - ultra-lite version, send an email directly to jeep at: econochallenge@live.com facebook  instagram  amazing wilderness camp chair hammock econo challenge camping hiking fishing nature backpacking craft potable ultralight fun easy how to micro light outdoors tree survival campsite summer outdoor family how-to suspension survival skills (tv genre)
trolling with the jet wing trolling with the jet wing on lake ontario. now you can take your jet pump outboard to new lows. low trolling speeds that is....with complete steering control! fishing boating trolling
saskatchewan this is a video we shot for tourism saskatchewan. there's a lot of great places to visit in saskatchewan - locations that are just off the beaten path, but still close to comforts. creative by the phoenix group:  saskatchewan tourism vacation travel leisure camping boating fishing wakeboarding kayaking (sport) canada lake holiday fun
black bear with cubs by salmon stream [hd] north american black bear with cubs coming down to the stream to feast on sockeye salmon (landlocked kokanee) in the okanagan region of british columbia.  music: 'an epic theme' by matt milne   or @filmscorematt north american black bear cubs spawning river creek fishing berries fall winter hibernation canada okanagan hardy falls peachland blueback salmon sockeye salmon pairs runs food fish kokanee migration bed channel stream land locked life cycle roe eggs milt alevin fingerlings predators conservation streams fisheries endangered species last minute cheap vacation package tours resorts shuswap lake hellobc jcvdude tourism sony hd 1080i hdr xr550 underwater nature wildlife videography kelowna bc
laurentian lodge autumn tells us about laurentian lodge, on flack lake. she explain the accomodations they have and also the surrounding area.  produced by  for csf 27 09 tip 04 fishing fish italo labignan canadian sportfishing  rapala yamaha lucky strike angling fishergirl sweepstakes ufindfish river hawk boats csf 27 09 tip 04
fish grilling tips and recipe - marinade and bbq (tautog recipe) welcome to today's fish cooking episode of thundermist fishing tips. today we're going to be bbq'ing some delicious tautogs.  check out the catching tautog video here:   antonio, the boatless angler himself, shares with us his recipe. he makes a quick and easy marinade which only needs to rest with the fish for about two hours before cooking.  the big issue when it comes to bbq'ing fish is that the fillet tends to stick to the grill. the secret to that is to simply leave the skin and scales on. if you descale it, the skin still tends to get stuck to the grill. the best way to prevent your tautog fillet from sticking to the bbq is to leave the scales on. this applies to other fish as well! there are other methods of course, like tin-foil, or other purchasable ways, but we find that simply leaving the skin and scales on is the simplest method when it comes to barbecuing fish.  for this marinade, it's simple and you don't need to be precise. first you start with a generous amount of olive oil in a plastic bag. add one full lemon, squeezed, pits and all. we also added some paprika, simple onion powder (just some, you don't want to over do this part), garlic powder (again, just a bit to taste. you can overdo this as well). mix them all right into the bag along with a bit of black pepper. and that's it!  next add all the fillets into the bag, the fillets with the skin and scales. close the bag, and mix them all together. take out any additional air from the bag, re-seal, and let it rest in the fridge.  the longer you let the fish marinade, the better. but for today we only let the tautog marinade for 2 hours. overnight in the fridge is a great suggestion as well.  the grill is preheated to 400 degrees f. we want to char the bottom of the fillet along the skin and scales. there's no need to flip the fish, and the whole cooking process usually takes about 15 to 20 minutes, depending on the thickness of the fish with the lid closed.  don't forget to pour the extra marinade over the fish to get all the flavour.  we did not add salt to the marinade, the best way is to salt the fish while it is on the grill, or even on the table when about to be severed.  you can tell when the fillets are ready as the fillets will start to crack and flake apart. taking the fish off of the grid should be much easier now with the skin and scales on.  this recipe works not only on tautog, but on any non-frozen fish as well!   follow our ongoing fishing adventures instagram:  facebook:  twitter:  web:   as always until next time, good luck and good fishin'! thundermist thundermist lures thundermist lure company thundermist fishing tips fishing tips fishing fish water angler angling (sport) fisherman fishermen barbecue (cuisine) recipe (website category) marination grilling (culinary technique) food cooking kitchen bbq fillet cook how to directions cook (profession) quick easy lake help tips tutorial tricks barbecue marinade 2 hours 2 hour prep time skin scales
mountain that fell on a town. oct- 2015 frank slide. the frank slide was a rockslide that buried part of the mining town of frank, northwest territories,[nb 1] canada, on the morning of april 29, 1903. it occurred at 4:10 am, when over 82 million tonnes (90 million tons) of limestone rock slid down turtle mountain within 100 seconds, obliterating the eastern edge of frank, the canadian pacific railway line and the coal mine. it was one of the largest landslides in canadian history and remains the deadliest, as between 70 and 90 of the town's residents were killed, most of whom remain buried in the rubble.    for those that are thinking this is in alberta, you are of course correct,  but in 1903 it was still considered the north west territories until it was changed  and we officially became the province of alberta in 1905.   ( description credit wikipedia)  frank slide (disaster) fly fishing (industry)
summer in fernie, british columbia. small town charm, big mountain adventure in the canadian rocky mountains.  fernie (city/town/village) mountain biking (interest) fly fishing (industry) hiking (sport) outdoor recreation (interest) british columbia (canadian province) rocky mountains (mountain range) canada (country)
swan lake fishing with a green northland eye dropper with a tiny white power bait grub tail. hang tough i havnt been able to edit .asf files yet but there are encounters at 20, 116, 230, 330, 624, 646 fish comes for a hit , 656 he hits and i miss, 705 he misses and 711 fish on.. worth the wait.. pike fishing ice fishing northland fishing tackle aqau-vu swan lake
$1000 to spend on tackle warehouse? hope you guys enjoyed this video on what we would buy on tackle warehouse with 1k. if you did enjoy this please don't forget to like this video and share it. also, if you want to help us in producing more content like this please subscribe to us. check out our instagram @northwoodfishingbros thanks! peace out! :)  keep up with us on our social media's !!!  instagam:  google plus: google.com/+northwoodfishingbros twitter:  facebook:  ontario fishing forums:  ask.fm:  kik: northwoodfishingbros       fishing tacklewarehouse howtospend1k howtowastemoney howtosavemoney northwoodfishingbros bassfishing tacklewarehosue comedy makemelaugh laughsfordays rich 1000dollars spending
nootkasound.com - nootka sound - bc - vancouver island nootka sound is located on the west coast of british columbia, canada. people around the world travel to nootka sound to enjoy the many activities this beautiful area has to offer. it is best known for its action packed sport fishing and unbelievable sightseeing opportunities.   visit our website to learn more about nootka sound!  buy nootka sound prints at      nootkasound nootka sound british columbia tourism travel nootka island uchuck friendly cove vancouver island bc fishing bald eagles black bears sea lions eagles gold river tahsis westcoast fishing sightseeing canada lighthouse friendlycove captain cook critter cove moutcha bay nootka marine adventures nootka lodge chinootka hoiss point goldriver fishing fish farms
8771 desable 130 acres waterfront land rustic farm house restoration prince edward island pei canada new price $399,000. please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description:  do you remember the breathtaking panoramic view picture on the last pei driver's license? nestled on the coastline of pei., this property has a stunning view of the ocean, red sand cliffs, rolling farmers fields and hills, beaches, and the distinction of being one of canada's most photographed locations. approximately 130 acres of waterfront farmland and woods, with an optional additional 76 acres available down the road. this farmhouse was built in 1878. it includes: 1/4 mile of beachfront exposure, 135 yr. old five bedroom farmhouse that has been carefully upgraded to retain the integrity and charm of the original design including a new foundation and metal roof. the fertile field shown in the pictures currently produces a bountiful potato crop. located back from a year round paved road. 15 minutes from charlottetown and five minutes from the confederation bridge that connects pei to mainland canada. there is obvious development potential for the right purchaser. located near desable, hampton, victoria provincial park, victoria, argyle shore, south melville, bonshaw, crapaud, tryon, augustine cove, north tryon, cape traverse, canoe cove, st. catherines, confederation bridge, and northumberland straight. located west of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.    this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13067871. video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment desable farmland
how to cook a truly authentic italian pizza from scratch - pesto and shrimp seafood pizza hello folks, this week we're back in the kitchen cooking up an authentic italian seafood pizza.  i brought this pizza recipe back with me when i visited family and friends of mine in the mountains of italy. i exclusively use this recipe and cooking method now.  this pizza recipe is quick as it only needs a total of 6 minutes in a 550f degree oven, in 3 minute intervals.  i hope you enjoy this pizza dough recipe and cooking method.   until next time, good luck and good fishin'! ivo thundermist thundermist lures thundermist lure company thundermist fishing tips fishing tips fishing fish water angler fisherman fishermen cooking recipe pizza italian italian food (cuisine) seafood (cuisine) shrimp cook (profession) italy (country) kitchen how to cook chef pizza stone dough oven quick easy pesto seafood 3-minute ivo coia red onion ingredients pizza dough recipe dough recipe scratch fresh
tribble lake, ontario private lake, 6,800 acres, 15 lakes, 45 miles from us border, 5,000 square ft timber frame lodge.. why buy a waterfront lot, when you can buy a lake. canadian real estate waterfront land lodge fishing hunting ontario sault ste marie
fried fish recipe - how to cook pan fried fish fillets - with panko bread crumbs i'd like to share with you a thundermist recipe on how to fry fish. this is a quick and easy homemade recipe on how to fry fish with only simply ingredients. for this video, i'm using walleye fillets, through you can use any fish fillets you'd like.   click here to subscribe for more fishing videos:   follow our ongoing fishing adventures instagram:  facebook:  twitter:  store:   as always until next time, good luck and good fishin'!   fried fish recipe - how to cook pan fried fish fillets - with panko bread crumbs  thundermist thundermist lures thundermist lure company thundermist fishing tips fishing tips fishing fish advice how to cooking recipe walleye fish fillet fillets fillt pan fry fry fish fry frying fish easy quick butter milk egg whites bread crumbs panko cooking fish fish recipes homemade homecooked home cooked fried fish fry fish cook
our new boat is finally here! our new boat is finally here! big thanks to proctor marine for helping us with this purchase:    click here to subscribe for more fishing videos:   follow our ongoing fishing adventures instagram:  facebook:  twitter:  store:   as always until next time, good luck and good fishin'!     thundermist thundermist lures thundermist lure company thundermist fishing tips fishing tips fishing fish advice how to new boat key west honda swing tongue trailer removable windshield center console boat proctor marine freshwater saltwater
how to cook mackerel and bluefish - easy with no fishy taste we are back in the kitchen again, and do i ever have a recipe for you!  this recipe is for any fish that tastes overly fishy. for example mackerel or bluefish. this recipe takes all the fishiness out of the fish while leaving you with an amazing dish!  it's easy to do, as with all our recipes, and it takes basic ingredients which you most likely already have in your kitchen. here's what it takes:  ingredients - 3 tbs olive oil - diced tomatoes - chili pepper - oregano - salt and pepper - 2 onions, thinly sliced - 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced  and that's it!  first you'll want to slice up your two onions and your two cloves of garlic. i like to slice them very thin, as they tend to cook up nicer this way. that's it for the prep!  next you'll want to take your three tablespoons of olive oil and add it to your pan. add the onion and garlic to the pan and lightly fry the onions and garlic for about 2-3 minutes. this way the olive oil can absorb the flavour from the onion and garlic.  next, take your diced tomatoes and pour them into the pan with the already cooking oil, onions, and garlic mixture. this is where you'll want to add your salt, pepper, and oregano. basically what you're doing is seasoning your tomatoes.  you'll want to use about a teaspoon of salt and as much black pepper and oregano to taste. if you want, you can add chili pepper to the mix. i like to add that bit of heat.  now with this mix, we're going to stir everything together and let it simmer over medium to medium high, for about 10 to 15 minutes, just enough to make sure everything is all cooked together.  after the 10/15 minutes, you can add any type of fish you'd like. i suggest using a fish that is stronger or fishy tasting like mackerel or bluefish. you'll be amazed how great they taste! cut your fish fillets into halves and add them to the mix. you can add them whole if you'd like. this works well with whole fillets, half fillets, or even a whole mackerel!  make sure you mix the fish up with the tomatoes and get everything all simmering together. cook the fish for about 10 to 15 minutes depending how high you have the heat. you'll want to keep them simmering.  you'll know when the mackerel or bluefish is done, when the fish fillets starts to break apart a bit.  the last step, is to enjoy!    click here to subscribe for more fishing videos:   follow our ongoing fishing adventures instagram:  facebook:  twitter:  web:   as always until next time, good luck and good fishin'! thundermist thundermist lures thundermist lure company thundermist fishing tips fishing tips fishing fish water angler angling (sport) fisherman fishermen cooking cook fillet mackerel bluefish how to easy ingredients olive oil healthy tomatoes garlic quick low prep no prep whole fish whole mackerel mackerel fillet bluefish fillet dinner family homemade home made recipe fresh frozen
how to cook a seafood risotto - homemade seafood risotto recipe hello folks, this week i'd like to share with you a wonderful cooking recipe on how to cook a seafood risotto from scratch.  today we use cod and calamari as the key fish ingredients in our seafood risotto. this is a simple recipe that can take a little bit of time to prepare and cook, though is well worth the wait.  thanks for watching, and until next time, good luck and good fishin'! ivo thundermist thundermist lures thundermist lure company thundermist fishing tips fishing tips fishing fish water angler fish (food) food cooking recipe kitchen chef seafood risotto rice healthy simple quick aborro onions calamari cod butter white wine wine dish homemade catch of the day help how to cook (profession) restaurant recipes dinner easy
how to cook catfish - easy way on the grill here's how to cook catfish on the bbq. it's a easy way to grill catfish.   click here to subscribe for more fishing videos:   the marinate is straightforward: juice of one lemon 1/2 teaspoon old bay seasoning 1/2 teaspoon paprika  4 cloves garlic 4oz of olive oil salt pepper   how to fillet a bullhead:   follow our ongoing fishing adventures instagram:  facebook:  twitter:  web:   as always until next time, good luck and good fishin'! thundermist thundermist lures thundermist lure company thundermist fishing tips fishing tips fisherman fishermen cooking catfish catfish recipe bbq catfish cook catfish easy recipe easy catfish recipe how to cook fish fish recipe cooking fish fishing
our boat was hit from behind by a car! it was suppose to be a good fishing, but instead our boat got hit from behind from someone a bystander saw texting while driving.  videos will still continue to go up while the boat is in the shop for repairs. there's always boatless angling!   click here to subscribe for more fishing videos:   follow our ongoing fishing adventures instagram:  facebook:  twitter:  web:   as always until next time, good luck and good fishin'! thundermist thundermist lures thundermist lure company thundermist fishing tips fishing tips car accident boat got hit boat was hit boat accident boat crash truck accident hit from behind insurance texting while driving fishing
have a look at this numerology free reading have a look at this numerology free reading :   exactly what does 2016 hold in shop when we look at the new year from a numerological viewpoint?  the existence of people is based on cycles, vibrations that evolve routinely gradually. managing to deduce the number representing the universal year lets us comprehend the general trend for the year, for that reason it is not a personal concern however an energy that relates to the cumulative. each universal year represents a kind of planetary vibration. have a look at this numerology free reading right below.  2016 is a 9 universal year, if you take the year and decrease it down to a single digit as such: 2 +0 +1 +6=9. 9 is a completing number, and represents the end of a cycle. it also is the variety of the humanitarian. that implies 2016 is a year of completion, rest and forgiveness.   phew! everything in numerology goes in a 9 year cycle, so we've come cycle given that the last 9 year, 2004.   the number 9 is about endings. however with endings come clean slates. 2016 is an extremely karmic year. it is a time that we will receive the karma from the good or the bad we have done. you get a possibility to end something this year once and for all. some thing in your life will concern an end. now this does not have to be a bad thing. endings can be good.  it is likely we will appreciate more splits. hollywood has actually already set that trends with many celebrities filing for divorce or cutting ties. it's out with the old and in with the new!   you will also like :    from an individual viewpoint, you could be cleaning up house yourself this year. each of us will probably have an ending of some sort to deal with this year. now that might be a good idea or bad things, depending upon your perception.  some things are supposed to end so something new can be available in. your karma may be total with a scenario or person this new year. allow it to unfold so you can be rewarded karmically. do not attempt to lure, change or fight fate.  2016 might also need to do a lot with the karma you've laid surrounding the circumstance too. so you want to look at 2016 as year of conclusion. exactly what you have actually begun in the year of 2005 will probably come full circle now. did you begin a relationship that year? perhaps you began work for a brand-new business? possibly you went back to school part-time and are simply now completing your degree.  i likewise take a look at this nine cycle as a possibility to go back over the past and revisit the important things you would like or require to re-do. for some of you, that may imply a 2nd opportunity in a relationship and a great way to have a look at this numerology free reading.  i anticipate a lot of spiritual growth this year under the influence of the number 9 year. there will be a growing number of individuals seeking to a higher power for knowledge, instructions and knowledge. this brand-new year will move rapidly by so if you are among those folks who have a lot to let go of, you'll be able to quicker than later on.  attempt hard not to hold on too tightly to things you truly require to release due to the fact that then the energy and the force of the number nine might not be enjoyable to deal with. learn how to release and let be. it'll be a lot easier and you will be happy you did. many will feel as if the weight of the world has been raised off their shoulders!  we all can appreciate there is a lot of work for humanity needed, with more than 1 million people homeless in the fantastic rich usa, and a growing number of this number includes single women with children and families with kids, the majority of whom keep a task but are not able to afford the obscenely high rents being charged all over.  in the personal arena 2016 marks a time to complete tasks, to decide about the next cycle of undertaking to begin in 2017, a year of beginnings, as it resonates to the number 1.  while personally you may be experiencing a various personal year number, universally you can look forward this year beginning hectic, but lessening to have a very quiet 2nd half. remember, your keywords are conclusion, rest and forgiveness. so whatever your resolutions are for 2016, relax on yourself: ignore dropping a couple of roaming pounds and consider dropping that grudge you've been bring around- you'll feel so much lighter.   learn more about numerology free reading at:  numerology free reading numerology calculator numerology reading numerology name calculator name numerology calculator numerology
candlefish a song about eulachon rendering in northwest b.c. drfishy folk terrace candlefish first nations nass valley fish
notakwanon river, labrador jimmy deschesnes tackling the last hairy rapid on the notakwanon, august 2007. notakwanon river pak boat canoe
fish fried rice recipe - how to cook chinese fried rice with fish hello folks, this week we'd like to share with you an important recipe of mine on how to make chinese fried rice with fish, which i call "fish fried rice."  this rice recipe is a family favourite, and easy to make in about 30 minutes. one of the best parts is that you can use any type of fish. for today's recipe, i use cod and scallops as the fish.  thanks for watching and until next time, good luck and good fishin'! ivo thundermist thundermist lures thundermist lure company thundermist fishing tips fishing tips fishing fish water angler fisherman fishermen cooking recipe recipes how to fish fried rice fried rice chinese chinese fried rice how to cook fresh fish catch of the day rice kitchen onions onion fry fried frying chinese food (cuisine) family easy quick scallops cod fresh cod fresh scallops eating eat healthy eating healthy
polar bear experience. each year, polar bears wake to head across hudson bay. polar bears churchill canada
simple homemade beer batter fish recipe - perfect for fish and chips - thin, crispy, batter simple homemade beer batter fish recipe. perfect for fish and chips with a crispy batter. made with simple ingredients found at home.   click here to subscribe for more fishing videos:   recipe: 1 cup flour 1/4 cup of corn meal 1 teaspoon baking powder 1 teaspoon old bay seasoning vegetable oil for frying  follow our ongoing fishing adventures instagram:  facebook:  twitter:  web:   as always until next time, good luck and good fishin'!  simple homemade beer batter fish recipe - perfect for fish and chips - thin, crispy, batter  thundermist thundermist lures thundermist lure company thundermist fishing tips fishing tips fishing fish advice how to cooking frying fish fry beer batter beer batter fish fish & chips fish and chips recipe homemade easy quick simple thin crispy batter
tetu island lodge 2010 nestled deep in the canadian wilderness of ontario, tetu island lodge isn't your typical fishing lodge. we take care of every last detail of your stay, from showing you the best fishing spots on the lake, to creating gourmet dinners and made-to-order breakfast. so if you want to take a break from the daily grind come join us at tetu island lodge this summer. fishing vacation canada shore lake canada fishing tetu tetu island lodge fish
cariboo migration at kasba fishing lodge -nwt canada  cariboo walking across the frozen lake at kasba lake fishing lodge, narrated and shot by our winter caretaker scotty bimson. visit us for your next fishing vacation in canada cariboo migration kasba lodge kasba fishing lodge kasba lake canada fishing lodge canada fishing canada fishing vacation canada fishing trip fishing fishing resort fish
moose hunting 2008 with amik outposts.  canadianflyinfishing.com amik outposts based in red lake ontario offers some of the best flyin moose hunting in central canada.  2008 was an excellent year with numerous trophy bull moose being taken.  here is another one from 2008.  enjoy!  please check out our website at canadianflyinfishing.com amikoutposts canadianflyinfishing moose hunting ontario canada red lake amik trophy bull moose bull remote canadian ontario hunting otter canada fishing canada hunting northwestern ontario
marten river lodge - wildlife - northern ontario fishing hunting resort marten river lodge - northern ontario fishing resort. a northeastern ontario temagami region vacation marten river lodge northern ontario fishing resort northeastern ontario temagami region vacation destination corporate retreat immaculately clean cabins 80+ year old historic log buildings gourmet dining comfortable 16ft fishing boats raised platform pedestal seat live well fish finders 30 hp electric start motors guided fishing hunting and trail adventures fly-in fishing adventures to remote lakes fishing (tv genre) hunting (interest) resort (industry)
haliburton forest - overview and history overview of the tourist and recreation activities available at haliburton forest & wildlife reserve in haliburton, ontario. come for dog sledding, snowmobiling, a canopy tour, camping, mountain biking, outdoor education, wolf centre and more to our 80,000 acres of forests and lakes. check out  for more information. outdoor activites snomobiling dogsledding wolf center wolf centre wolves mountain biking fishing camping
puvirnituq snow festival vignette - adventures north puvirnituq is an inuit village in arctic quebec's nunavik region. located along the north eastern hudson bay coast, puvirnituq is home to its very own snow festival. held every 2 years, this week-long celebration of inuit culture boasts a snow and ice sculpting contest and all kinds of traditional skills competitions such as igloo building and dog sledding, topped off by music performances in the evenings, a taste of country food, inuit camaraderie and fun. sleeping in an igloo is also a possibility! the quintessential nunavik winter experience! a definite cultural enlightenment and fun-filled adventure to add to your bucket list! for info:                 to see more original fishing wildlife and adventure videos:  youtube.com/stevemacinnis puvirnituq puvirnituq snow festival snow nunavik quebec canada inuit igloo festival ice ice sculpture inukshuk dog sled dog sled race igloo building ice fishing ice fishing cod tourism steve macinnis adventures north adventures north tv adventures north productions
introduction voici la vido d'introduction de la chane youtube de marcel ct. cette chane est destin  ceux et celle qui aime la chasse et la pche comme moi.   que ce soit la chasse  lours noir, chevreuil, orignal, outarde, perdrix ou mme la pche au saumon, truite, pche blanche, vous y trouverez votre compte! toutes ces belles aventures de chasse et pche ont t ralise dans mon beau coin de pays, saint-quentin au nouveau-brunswick, le paradis pour la chasse et la pche!  inscrivez-vous  ma chane pour voir les dernires vidos ajouter au fur et  mesure que dautres belles aventures seront ralises.   here is my introduction video of my youtube channel. this channel is for those that enjoys hunting and fishing like me.   whether hunting for black bear, deer, moose, goose, partridge or even fishing for salmon, trout, ice fishing, you will find your it here! all these great hunting and fishing adventures were made in my beautiful homeland, saint-quentin, new brunswick, paradise for hunting and fishing!   subscribe to my channel to see the latest videos added as soon that other great adventures will be conducted  -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- please watch: "chasse  l'orignal - moose hunting - o'brien's moose adventure 2016"   -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- chasse orignal chasse et peche nb chevreuil saint-quentin nouveau-brunswick ours noir outarde goose black bear salmon saumon perdrix pche blanche ice fishing marcel ct aventure de belle randonne bear fishing bird restigouche county new brunswick (administrative division) restigouche river (river) kedgwick (city/town/village) saint-quentin (city/town/village) landlock salmon bow hunting teddy birds bears hunting (interest)
crazy bear wilderness lodge b.c. ~ floatplane flight from nimpo lake to crazy bear lodge this is a condensed video of the 20 minute float plane flight that crazy  bear wilderness lodge guests take from nimpo lake to crazy bear lake in b.c. kb180g crazy bear wilderness lodge fishing fly fishing floatplane british columbia (canadian province) fishing lodge crazy bear lodge flying a floatplane
ascend d10t -2016 fall first test i wanted to get a video up long ago, this is our first on water test of our new fishing yaks. i purchased the ascend d10t kayak from bass pro in alberta for $499 new, its 10" long & 34" wide, it's very stable with an awesome fishing platform. bishopp added a beach chair to improve comfort. :)  bishopp "tha prophet" purchased the new pelican catch 120 for $900 new in sask, it's 11' 8" long & 34" wide, it features a 2 position adjustable seat with a great fishing platform as well. both are a great budget kayak that are extremely stable, honestly they can compete with the larger price tag yaks. kayak fishing yak fishing fishing sask regina buffalo pound kayak kayaking ascend d10t pelican catch 120 catch 120 ascend kayak kayak stability fishing kayak kayak test
nslc adopt-a-stream "colin / digger log" commercial highlighting the efforts of the program to clean up the rivers and increase fish population in nova scotia, canada. featuring colin o'neil.    go to  for more information    produced by beth martin & fps  directed by catherine brown & jeffrey fish    music by village sound.    canon 5dmii, gopro hero, glidetrack aas adopt stream nova scotia liquor corporation sackville river association ssra fishing environment outdoors nature commercial director
come to know the land o' lakes, in ontario's highlands discover the many things there are to see and do in the land o' lakes region of ontario's highlands, canada.    learn more at:  land o lakes ontario's highlands ontario travel tourism visit lakes rivers bon echo mazinaw lol climbing eastern ontario canada fishing paddling kayaking trails provincial park outdoor sports four-season addison's restaurant myers cave resort motorcycle atv
panderosa darnley prince edward island canada building lot for sale west of charlottetown pei please subscribe, like, & share. link to 45 riley property:    |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance   this is a building lot located in the panderosa division in darnley prince edward island canada.  spectacular waterview lot, just a few feet from a gorgeous low bank sandy beach. warmest waters north of the carolina`s. the perfect place for that waterfront cottage or year round home. huge potential with this amazing panoramic view property. buy as an investment or build. located near park corner, seaview, baltic, spring valley, burlington, malpeque, indian river. located west of charlottetown, north west of the confederation bridge in borden, north from kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
jack fish lake rapids out a quick view of what the rapids are like when leaving jack fish lake, located north of emo, ontario. access to this lake can be made from the clearwater & pipestone chain of lakes. jack fish lake rapids clearwater clear water pipestone ontario canada fishing
high speed: bass cottage tour at sandy haven camp on the upper french river at lake nipissing a video tour of "bass cottage" for rent at sandy haven camp an island waterfront cottage on the upper french river at lake nipissing.    save yourself time and money! sandy haven camp is the closest lodge to the area's best fishing. less travel time means more fishing time and reduced fuel costs!    bass cottage is a 2 bedroom, waterfront, island cottage for rent, with 4 single beds and 2 bunks in the bedrooms.   24 hour electricity and hot and cold running water, all the comforts of home.    4 hours from toronto  sleeps 6 people max  transportation from sturgeon falls on is included in the cottage price. $775.00 cad per week.  if you need boats, we have them for you.    best fishes  todd & dawn   muskie cottage for rent lake nipissing ontario fishing sandy haven camp upper french river fishing lodge fishing camp ontario cottage for rent kayak fishing fly in lodge boat in lodge muskie fishing pike fishing bass fishing walleye fishing ontario canada boat for rent upper french river ontario cottages for rent north bay cottage
dial up: minnow cottage tour at sandy haven camp on the upper french river at lake nipissing a video tour of "minnow cottage" for rent at sandy haven camp an island waterfront cottage on the upper french river at lake nipissing.    save yourself time and money! sandy haven camp is the closest lodge to the area's best fishing. less travel time means more fishing time and reduced fuel costs!  minnow cottage is a 1 bedroom, waterfront, island cottage for rent, with 1 double and 2 single beds in the bedroom.  24 hour electricity and hot and cold running water, all the comforts of home.     minnow cottage for rent lake nipissing ontario fishing sandy haven camp upper french river fishing lodge fishing camp ontario cottage for rent kayak fishing fly in lodge boat in lodge muskie fishing pike fishing bass fishing walleye fishing ontario canada boat for rent
dial up: "sunfish cottage" tour at sandy haven camp on the upper french river at lake nipissing a video tour of "sunfish cottage" for rent at sandy haven camp an island waterfront cottage on the upper french river at lake nipissing.    save yourself time and money! sandy haven camp is the closest lodge to the area's best fishing. less travel time means more fishing time and reduced fuel costs!    sunfish cottage is a 2 bedroom, waterfront, island cottage for rent, with 4 single beds in the bedrooms and 1 bed in the living room.   24 hour electricity and hot and cold running water, all the comforts of home.    4 hours from toronto  sleeps 5 people max  transportation from sturgeon falls on is included in the cottage price $775.00 per week.  if you need boats, we have them for you.    best fishes  todd & dawn   sunfish cottage for rent lake nipissing ontario fishing sandy haven camp upper french river fishing lodge fishing camp ontario cottage for rent kayak fishing fly in lodge boat in lodge muskie fishing pike fishing bass fishing walleye fishing ontario canada boat for rent fishing holiday
high speed:  pike cottage tour at sandy haven camp on the upper french river at lake nipissing a video tour of "pike cottage" for rent at sandy haven camp an island waterfront cottage on the upper french river at lake nipissing.    save yourself time and money! sandy haven camp is the closest lodge to the area's best fishing. less travel time means more fishing time and reduced fuel costs!    pike cottage is a 3 bedroom cottage with 9 single beds in the bedrooms and one bed in the living room.   24 hour electricity and hot and cold running water, all the comforts of home.   pike cottage for rent lake nipissing ontario fishing sandy haven camp upper french river fishing lodge fishing camp ontario cottage for rent kayak fishing fly in lodge boat in lodge muskie fishing pike fishing bass fishing walleye fishing ontario canada boat for rent
high speed: muskie cottage tour at sandy haven camp on the upper french river at lake nipissing a video tour of "muskie cottage" for rent at sandy haven camp an island waterfront cottage on the upper french river at lake nipissing.    save yourself time and money! sandy haven camp is the closest lodge to the area's best fishing. less travel time means more fishing time and reduced fuel costs!    muskie cottage is a 2 bedroom, waterfront, island cottage for rent, with 7 single beds in the bedrooms and three beds in the living room.   24 hour electricity and hot and cold running water, all the comforts of home.   muskie cottage for rent lake nipissing ontario fishing sandy haven camp upper french river fishing lodge fishing camp ontario cottage for rent kayak fishing fly in lodge boat in lodge muskie fishing pike fishing bass fishing walleye fishing ontario canada boat for rent
dial up: pike cottage tour at sandy haven camp on the upper french river at lake nipissing a video tour of "pike cottage" for rent at sandy haven camp an island waterfront cottage on the upper french river at lake nipissing.    save yourself time and money! sandy haven camp is the closest lodge to the area's best fishing. less travel time means more fishing time and reduced fuel costs!    pike cottage is a 3 bedroom, waterfront, island cottage for rent, with 9 single beds in the bedrooms and 1 bed in the living room.   24 hour electricity and hot and cold running water, all the comforts of home.  4 hours from toronto  sleeps 10 people max  transportation from sturgeon falls on is included in the cottage price $1015.00cad per week.  if you need boats, we have them for you.    best fishes  todd & dawn   pike cottage for rent lake nipissing ontario fishing sandy haven camp upper french river fishing lodge fishing camp ontario cottage for rent kayak fishing fly in lodge boat in lodge muskie fishing pike fishing bass fishing walleye fishing ontario canada boat for rent
changeover day at milbanke sound a little snippet of what changeover (aka guest arrival & departure) day looks like at the lodge at milbanke sound, one of our luxury fly-in fishing resorts on bc's central coast.  for more information on a westcoast resorts fishing getaway call us toll free at 1.800.810.8933 online:  facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  westcoast resorts west coast resorts fishing british columbia angling bc canada adventure action milbanke milbanke sound central coast (location) helicopter (invention) helijet transportation fishing lodge flying logistics all inclusive bucket list travel dock charters
(sold) 126 church hill north rustico harbour prince edward island real estate for sale pei please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and solcially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: completely renovated, vacant, immediate closing, excellent location! i have never seen a bungalow in pei that impressed me more then this one! the owners of this home should be in the interior decorating and staging business. if only all homes showed this well. you can wait -- or view this dream home today! everything and every inch has been done to perfection. very comfy and completely renovated from top to bottom. move in today! ordinary -- this is not. did i mention the great extra large mature lot and superlative location with ocean views? central location located near scenic pei national park and north rustico beach. ranch style home with a sizable deck has a spacious, combined kitchen and dining area, large bedrooms, living room, full bath and a cozy family room. the large lot contains two beautiful groves of trees. north rustico offers many amenities and recreational opportunities. located near  rustico, cavendish, bayview, hope river, green gables, north rustico beach, cavendish beach, mayfield, toronto, stanley bridge, st. ann, seawood estates, and new london. located west of charlottetown, north east of the confederation bridge in borden, east from kensington, and in summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada. michael is also a developer and has an extensive background in information technology. michael is extremely entrepreneurial in nature and always on the lookout for investment and business opportunities relating to or not relating to real estate. michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.  thank you to youtube for hosting and distribution. realtor.ca/mls.ca & peirea mls # 12061794.  video url:  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land deep sea fishing
winefred 2012 video/pictures from our 2012 trip to winefred lake lodge. had a great time! we got 4 full days of fishing in. the footage is only from the last day! the song is "when we stand together" by nickelback. i, in no way, own the song at all i just like the song and it goes well with the video. winefred lake lodge alberta canada fishing fish pike walleye jack jackfish water boat lund berkley rapala lots of go pro hero fun canadian clam clackin rap sucker smokercraft
1150 blooming point road prince edward island pei real estate canada for sale north of charlottetown please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and solcially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: amazing scenic property with 73 acres of land, access to local beaches, golfing. all sizes are approximate. (9 rooms, building size 24 x 24 + 20 x 28). located near  scotchford, afton road, glenroy, point desrouche, french village, st. andrews, savage harbour, tracadie cross, grand tracadie, ten mile house. located north of charlottetown, north east of the confederation bridge in borden, east from kensington, and in summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada. michael is also a developer and has an extensive background in information technology. michael is extremely entrepreneurial in nature and always on the lookout for investment and business opportunities relating to or not relating to real estate. michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.  thank you to youtube for hosting and distribution. realtor.ca/mls.ca & peirea mls # 06025572.  video url:  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land blooming point
sask yak fishing - pelican catch 120 finally  hits the water finally after a long wait, it's time to test our new kayaks with our tight budget we did great! i purchased the pelican catch 120 from canadian tire, it's 11' 8" long and 34" wide, i'm 6' 2" and a  big guy and this yak has room to spare as well as it sits high on the way and remains extremely stable. love it!!!!  venus "sask angler" purchased the ascend d10t from bass pro in alberta, it's 10' long & 34" wide, she's mid 5' and has tons of room left, it's extremely stable as well.  both yaks are perfect fishing vessels, crazy stable, agile and fairly quick for their width.  verdict: the catch 120 is the best pelican yak i have ever used, i'm very impressed with it's quality, performance and layout. as for the ascend d10t, this kayak is also very impressive for quality, performance and space for a 10' yak, it should have been bass pro's first 10' sit on fishing yak. if you're on a tight budget consider either of these 2 yaks, you won't be disappointed. keep your rod bent and lines tight!!! pelican catch 120 kayak fishing sask fishing ascend d10t kayaking catch 120 yak fishing kayak pelican fishing regina regina sask saskatchewwan sask d10t
temple bay lodge in a "nut-shell" ontario canada   in 2016, the ctvo staff took a fishing trip to fish eagle lake in quest for the elusive muskelunge. the trip was booked for an eight day stay at temple bay lodge.  while the crew was not sure what to expect of the resort, the video posted will allow you to have a cliff notes version of what our incredible personalized stay encompassed. enjoy! ontario lodge canada lodge lodge customer service trip of a life time fishing canada
nation river - tchentlo lake to chuchi lake the nation river is part of the nation lakes canoe route. nation lakes lake canoe canoe route route trip chain canoeing paddling wildflowers tsayta indata tchentlo chuchi park outdoors fishing water bc canada wilderness
flypike - golden eagle lodge video featuring golden eagle lodge on sickle lake in northern manitoba, canada.  fly-in fishing lodge specializing in trophy northern pike, walleye, and lake trout.  also available is opportunity for hunting monster black bear.  jason and marnie dyck, owners, hosts. fishing hunting northern pike trophy walleye lake trout lodge manitoba black bear remote archery golden eagle northern pike golden eagle lodge sickle lake golden eagle wilderness outdoors fly-in trophy pike
first tackle warehouse order!~$150~unboxing hope you guys enjoyed our first tackle warehouse unboxing! it was from the 25 days of christmas savings! sorry we didn't show everything we got because the video got cut in half by accident. :( we didn't show you guys the quantum pulse, kvd uv fish sticks, some soft plastics, casting reel cover,  free t-shirt, and some other things. sorry again. as we already said in the video,comment down below what your favorite item we purhased is!  thanks! if you did enjoy this please don't forget to like this video and share it. also, if you want to help us in producing more content like this please subscribe to us. check out our instagram @northwoodfishingbros thanks! peace out! :)  keep up with us on our social media's !!!  instagam:  google plus: google.com/+northwoodfishingbros twitter:  facebook:  ontario fishing forums:  ask.fm:  kik: northwoodfishingbros       fishing comedy northwoodfishingbros northwoodfishing northwoodbros fishingbros tacklewarehosue twh twhunboxing tacklewarehouseunboxing quantumpulse quantumpulsebaitcaster baitcaster unboxing christmas2k15 christmastackelpickups tackleuboxing $150tacklewarehosueorder tacklewarehouseorder
parc national du mont-tremblant~ quebec, canada  with its six great rivers and 400 lakes and streams, parc national du mont-tremblant is a canoer's paradise. it's a rich amalgam of qubec's natural and historic heritages, being the largest and oldest park in the network. this wilderness is so vast that it is home to 40 mammal species, including the wolf. there is also the via ferrata du diable, an intermediate activity between hiking and climbing that will let you discover the park's mountains in a way you could otherwise only dream about. parc national du mont-tremblant is open year-round and has something for everyone.  keep up with us on our social media's !!!  instagam:  google plus: google.com/+northwoodfishingbros twitter:  facebook:  ontario fishing forums:  ask.fm:  kik: northwoodfishingbros       northwoodfishingbros northwoodfishing northwoodbros fishing bassfishing national parks canada national parks national parc du mont-tremblant mont tremblant quebec canada parks canada adventure road trip summer travel ontario travel quebec canada lakes rivers nature ontario parks quebec parks canada tourism things to do in canada
christmas 2015 tackle unboxing/review hope you guys enjoyed our christmas haul video. if you did enjoy this please don't forget to like this video and share it. also, if you want to help us in producing more content like this please subscribe to us. check out our instagram @northwoodfishingbros thanks! peace out! :)  keep up with us on our social media's !!!  instagam:  google plus: google.com/+northwoodfishingbros twitter:  facebook:  ontario fishing forums:  ask.fm:  kik: northwoodfishingbros       fishing tackle northwoodfishingbros northwoodfishing tacklehaul fishingtackle christmasunboxing tacklereviews christmas2k15 2k15presents tackleunboxings unboxings bassfishing basstackle
balsam lake provincial park~ kirkfield, ontario, canada boating on the trent-severn waterway large sandy beach good fishing for walleye, muskellunge, large and small mouth bass canoe, kayak and paddleboat rentals easy day-trip hiking trails gift shop fully-furnished 4-bedroom rental cottage near the water   hope you guys enjoyed this short video about balsam lake provincial park in kirkfield, ontario.  keep up with us on our social media's !!!  instagam:  google plus: google.com/+northwoodfishingbros twitter:  facebook:  ontario fishing forums:  ask.fm:  kik: northwoodfishingbros       northwoodfishingbros northwoodfishing northwoodbros fishing bassfishing travel ontario best ontario provincial park balsam lake provincial park balsam lake fishing balsam lake camping balsam lake smallmouth bass fishing balsam lake smallmouth ontario camping ontario provincial parks ontario parks parks canada camping in ontario camping in canada
who are the northwoodfishingbros? hope you guys enjoyed our reveal video. we are the northwoodfishingbros! hope you guys continue to help support us! if you enjoyed this video don't if you did enjoy this please don't forget to like this video, comment down below and share it. also, if you want to help us in producing more content like this please subscribe to us. check out our instagram @northwoodfishingbros thanks! peace out! :)  keep up with us on our social media's !!!  instagam:  google plus: google.com/+northwoodfishingbros twitter:  facebook:  ontario fishing forums:  ask.fm:  kik: northwoodfishingbros  -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- please watch: "top 5 reasons why being a canadian angler sucks!"    -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- fishing northwoodfishingbros northwoodfishing northwoodbros canada canadafishing reveal who are the northwoodfishingbros? fishingcanada jojobarz33 1rod1reelfising andrewflairoutdoors andrewflair tacklejunky81 tackle fishingtackle fishingjunky flukemasterreviews 2016fishing bassfishing fishingincanada reviewvideo yotubenewbie toomanyytags amazingvideo funnyvid comedy bassfinshingboats bassproshops boats boat marineboats sailboats homemortgage
quantum pulse pl101s baitcaster~unboxing and review hope y'all enjoyed this unboxing and review video of the quantum pulse pl101s baitcast reel. if you enjoyed this please don't forget to leave a thumbs up and share this video. also if you want more content like this please don't forget to subscribe to your northwoodfishingbros! peace out :)  reelingthemin's channel:   keep up with us on our social media's !!!  instagam:  google plus: google.com/+northwoodfishingbros twitter:  facebook:  ontario fishing forums:  ask.fm:  kik: northwoodfishingbros       northwoodfishingbros northwoodfishing northwoodbros fishing bassfishing unboxing review unboxing and review quantum fishing quantum pulse quantum pulse pl101s unbxoing and review bass canada fishing tacklewarehouse order tacklewarehouse unboxing fishing order fishing unboxing unboxing of fishing order quantum baitcaster baitcaster reel unboxing baitcaster baitcast unboxing reels fishing reels
thunder house in winter short video of thunder house falls on the missinaibi river 50+km north of mattice ont. feb. 18/2008. thunder house winter
hudson - oka ferry crossing, quebec ferry service between oka and hudson, quebec qubec (canadian province) canada ferry montreal hudson oka fishing sailing ottawa river (river) yacht (ship type) oka hudson traverse oka-hudson
unlucky duck in sault, ontario a poor duck near the marina in st. mary's river, in sault ste. marie, ontario, with a fishing lure caught in its foot. the hook seems to be through the web of the left foot. the duck was dragging that foot a bit, but it didn't seem to trouble it too much in the water. probably a different story on land, though...  the date was saturday, july 24, 2010. duck sault ste. marie st. mary's river fishing lure rapala nature trouble hurt
educational exchange 2009 video 5 fishers from the alaskan portion of the yukon river visit the yukon territory to learn and share. mutual understanding is built through talks of culture, policy, and subsistence activities, including king salmon fishing. yukon yukon river chinook salmon king salmon fishing fish subsistence alaska yukon territory
drowned teryx 3.mp4 getting stuck in a deep swamp and drowning my teryx swamp slinger teryx quad manitoba offroad 4x4
kingfisher gorge shuswap river video.wmv the natural river gorge on the shuswap river near enderby british columbia river gorge water park kayak rafting film movie canyon rapids river rapids fishing
chimo lodge ontario ca schultz lake tour chimo lodge red lake ontario ca fishing adventure tour of schultz lake on the keeper river system canada chimo lodge fishing red lake ontario ca canada walleye nothern pike schultz tour fly-in floatplane
summer in fernie, british columbia laid-back summer vibe. amped-up adventure. you'll find both in fernie.  as the snow melts and the sun heats up. fernie's scenic landscape transforms into a lush green valley bringing to surface an endless array of trails, flowing rivers and streams and a pace that's based on the feel of the day. fernie is a haven for activity aficionados. discover fernie today! visit  fly fishing mountain rocky mountains freeriding fly fishing in the rockies fernie alpine resort summer biking events fernie bc bike videos fernie mountain biking fishing in canada bull trout bc biking in bc fernie alpine resort canada tourism british columbia mtb riding lift access bike trails canadian rockies zipline bike park aerial park canada nic genovese dh biking
fire and rescue barrie airboat kempenfelt bay ontario canada january 19 2010 barrie fire and rescue on a ice rescue training run with their airboat that packs a 500 horsepower engine with radar.  hundreds of ice fishing huts and snowmobilers are on lake simcoe at peak times on weekends located off shore kempenfelt bay.  big marina public docks and condo city. fire and ice rescue airboat barrie ontario january 19 2010 canada lake simcoe 350 chevrolet 502 engine fishing snowmobiler kempenfelt bay toronto
mountain biking in fernie bc mountain biking in fernie is a favourite pastime for locals - you might hear some say that they actually love the biking more than the powder, if you can believe that! with an extensive and ever growing number of trails in the local area you will no doubt find your perfect trail in fernie. ride right from town or head to fernie alpine resort's lift access bike park. mountain rocky mountains freeriding fly fishing in the rockies mountain biking (sport) fernie alpine resort summer biking events fernie bc bike videos fernie mountain biking fishing in canada bull trout bc biking in bc fernie alpine resort canada tourism british columbia mtb riding lift access bike trails zipline bike park aerial park canada nic genovese dh biking
edgar lake southern shoals.mp4 this is a good picture of the southern shoals of edgar lake and the deep trench between them ontario fishing air cochrane edgar lake canada fish
red lake outfitters, fast track- olive lake outpost. located about 42 miles northwest of our base in red lake, ontario, eco lodge is the most comfortable, luxurious way to experience the rugged wilderness of woodland caribou provincial park. our remote wilderness cabin on olive lake hosts unique access to the sabourin river and dutch river watersheds. these beautiful, peaceful areas of the park are yours to explore. paddlers will always have something new to visit near olive lake.  olive lake also features the best fishing in the world. cast a line for trophy lake trout, northern pike, and walleye.  day-tripping and overnight trip options to linge and young lakes are also available..   thunder bay photographer: bryan bishop  photography thunder bay video thunder bay photography wedding portrait boudoir uav aerial photosbybryan bbimage photographer outfitters ontario red lake outfitters ontario fishing ontario camping canada fishing trip outfitting
best family kayak trip in 2015 our best family outdoor adventure of 2015 was a kayak trip in desolation sound, british columbia, canada. desolation sound (location) sound (geographical feature category) canada water diving (sport) cliff (geographical feature category) deutschland kanada abenteuer vancouver british columbia (canadian province) swimming kayak (venture funded company) family (organism classification rank) justin trudeau (politician) nature documentary (tv genre) fishing (tv genre) the nature of things (tv program) wildniss familie
koocanusa landing this 56 lot subdivision is adjacent to lake koocanusa located at wardner, british columbia. located at the foothills of the canadian rocky mountains with access to world class scenery. this area offers the best in outdoor recreation including fishing, hunting, skiing, boating, atv trails and hiking. located 25 minutes from cranbrook which offers all amenities and 30 minutes to the roosville, canada/usa border crossing at montana. 3 1/2 hours to calgary, alberta. koocanusa landing wardner lake property koocanusa lake lake koocanusa (lake) tourist destination lumenrt lumenrt geodesign remax blue sky realty fishing (tv genre) tourism (interest) british columbia (canadian province) rocky mountains (mountain range) building lots
chimo air! ~michael harapiak~ watch in 1080p!! dji phantom 2 h3-3d red lake ontario fly-in fishing trips are here! float planes song~the xx - intro song link~ song credit to pedobaerupedohase youtube channel so sub to him if doesn't work on phone/tablet try on a computer twitter-harapiak9 gopro hero 4 black like and sub for more  for copyright issues, you can mail us here: all_4_fox_99@hotmail.com fishing (tv genre) float planes planes gopro dji phantom chimoair camera air check romeo out hidden juliet camera (film) romeo roselli (tv actor) helmet cafe check out sound yes romeo juliet caught cach (film) mc romeo (musical artist) hyper spy flying hidden camera helicopter onboard plane airplane jet force aircraft helmet cam
st. regis canoe wilderness, adirondack state park - october 2014 annual trip to the adirondack's.  this year was the st. regis canoe wilderness from little clear pond - st. regis pond - ochre pond - mud pond - green pond - little long pond and a bushwhack up st, regis mountain from the south through panther pond saint regis canoe area wilderness (quotation subject) canoe (ship type) tourist destination river camping water holiday tourism (interest) summer adk adirondack mountains (mountain range) adirondack park (protected site) fishing (tv genre) fail paddle kayak
bella coola "the hill" - die abfahrt wer nach bella coola (british columbia) mit dem auto faehrt, muss diese strecke nehmen. das ist naemlich die einzige "strasse" dorthin. nichts fuer schwache nerven oder autos mit kaputten bremsen... bella coola (city/town/village) fishing (tv genre) the hill bergstrasse schotterpiste backroad british columbia roadtrip bc abenteuer canada
underwater david lake, ontario canada crystal clear lake underwater shot with a school of perch.  in 13ft of water on a rock reef. taken with samsung galaxy s5 active. underwater lake ontario (lake) canada boundary waters canoe area wilderness (protected site) crane lake (city/town/village) sand point (city/town/village) ontario (canadian province) fishing (tv genre) perch (organism classification)
landing the floatplane at duncanby lodge. landing the float plane for a week of salmon fishing at duncanby lodge.  carpet diem. salmon fishing duncanby lodge carpet diem floatplane
bruce peninsula // tobermory // the grotto music neumannfilms - participants nomyn - infinity  southampton, port elgin, saugeen, stokes bay, lions head, grotto, bruce peninsula national park, cyprus lake, georgian bay, lake huron, tobermory, wiarton, pinery, lake superior, sauble falls, grand bend, sauble, ontario bruce peninsula national park (protected site) tobermory (city/town/village) hiking (sport) ontario (canadian province) canada (country) fishing (tv genre) niagara escarpment (geographical featu the grotto destination tourism cliff jumping a6300 80d 5dm3 gh4 sony canon a6000 gx8 panasonic
lund mania canada - adventures north tv sneak preview of adventures north tv episode 'lund mania canada'. this one day walleye fishing tournament attracts anglers from canada and the usa, including some of the biggest names in the walleye world.  the event takes place on the winnipeg river at pinawa, manitoba. lund mania lund boats mercury marine (organization) fishing (tv genre) pinawa manitoba (location) canada (country) adventures north adventures north productions inc adventuresnorth.com walleye (organism classification) fishing tournament (competition type) steve macinnis
prince edward island real estate 0.28 acre cottage lot cascumpec access to sandy beaches and rivers  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate and couldn't afford it, now is your chance.  this is a 0.28 acre cottage lot located in cascumpec.  this lot is offered at a very reasonable $12,000.   located 40 minutes west of summerside, 65 minutes west of charlottetown, 50 minutes north of the confederation bridge in borden, 50 minutes from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:   cameras used were a nikon d200, sony hdr-hc7, & canon xh-a1s edited via final cut pro 7 on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
2013 bc winter steelhead (the lighter, nonfishing side) song is "lonely boy" by the black keys chad smith justin spence west yellowstone fly shop skeena river steelhead winter steelhead flyfishing spey
so beautiful only minutes from the valley floor and we are high up on a mountain side where the views seem to go on and on.  peaceful and quiet, this is the kind of place we love to go to when the 'stress of the world' overwhelms. on our way to dee lake.  music:  jason shaw audionautix.com high country mountains video wild flowers lakes biking getaway trails ranching cabin dee lake wilderness resort videos heritage log cabins lodges cottages camping rv's kelowna fly fishing guides trips boating boat rentals hiking mountain moose elk bear bobcat cougar nature wildlife photography fly fishing gear vacation outfits flyfishing resort jcvdude productions gorving rving in canada tenting winfield country deelakeresort birding motor homes campground yt:crop=16:9 localsknow bc
the hatch  chironomid pupa to terrestrial adult hatch. fly fishing beautiful british columbia! chironomid hatch chironomid hatch chironomid pupa chironomid pupae fly fishing flyfishing bc british columbia flyguys flyguys.net
beauty of the bc high country just 25 minutes from kelowna the landscape changes as we drive ever higher.  stopping by the side of the road, the views and landscape are breathtaking. this is high country of bc - okanagan valley - on the way to dee lake. high country video mountains wild flowers nature valley view dee lake wilderness resort videos heritage log cabins lodges cottages camping rv's kelowna yt:crop=16:9 localsknow fly fishing guides trips cabins boating boat rentals hiking mountain biking moose elk bear bobcat cougar wildlife watching bird photography okanagan's heritage fly fishing gear vacation outfits flyfishing resort jcvdude productions westjet gorving rving in canada tenting winfield country birding motor homes campground
vermont canoe adventure canoeing on otter creek and the dead river in the champlain valley. vt canoe adventure
beaver lake fishing and camping resort just a quick look around at the beaver lake fishing and camping resort near kelowna bc. good rainbow and lake trout fishing, fish on the small 1 to 2 pound size. beaver lake video mountain resort yt:crop=16:9 localsknow campground rv capsite winfield lake country fishing boat cabins suites rentals family vacation mountain resort fishing licence hiking biking hot tub sauna massage store internet cafe tackle shop petting zoo flyfishing trolling spincasting bait daiwa yamaha honda electric outboard motors cannoes kayaking folding boats hip waders gaff hook flies worms floats line kelowna canada packages jcvdude production okanagan tourismbc bctourism
ldr lodge, northern bc accommodations experience the wilderness of northern british columbia in our luxury accommodations 30 minutes from smithers, b.c.   we're footsteps from the bulkley river, across from the famous trout creek and tobbogan creek. your premier non-guided fishing lodge on the bulkley river. fishing flyfishing wildlife travel smithers british columbia lodge steelhead tourism bc bulkleyriver
high in the mountains a small lake waiting for you - dee lake 40 minutes outside of kelowna in lake country (winfield) dee lake along with several lakes connected by narrow but navigable channels is a great place to escape the rat race.  spend a day or longer and suddenly none of the stupidity of our world matters. just you and nature along with some willing rainbow trout rising to flies, pure heaven. dee lake wilderness resort videos heritage log cabins lodges cottages camping rv's kelowna yt:crop=16:9 localsknow fly fishing guides trips cabins boating boat rentals hiking mountain biking moose elk bear bobcat cougar nature wildlife watching bird photography okanagan's heritage fly fishing gear vacation outfits flyfishing gifts resort jcvdude productions westjet gorving rving in canada tenting winfield country deelakeresort birding recreational vehicles motor homes campground
yelllow dog lodge at pilote point fly in to duncan and graham lakes, a 15 minute floatplane ride north of yellowknife, northwest territories, canada. yellow dog lodge offers a comfortable environment, friendly staff and brilliant opportunities to experience the outdoors. pristine and preserved, at our eco lodge we are committed to providing you with the best of nature and ensuring the same for those who follow. in this land where you can still drink water from the lakes, you have the opportunity to participate in the experience of a lifetime.   sportfishing adventure ecotourism wilderness lodge nwt northwest territories duncanlake grahamlake nature dog labrador
11377 rte#11 victoria west prince edward island real estate for sale pei canada west of summerside  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is 11377 rte #11 in victoria west.   residential - completely renovated waterfront home on approx. 45 acres with approx. 450 feet of waterfront land on warm south shore beach. newer well drilled, some newer windows, doors, roof, wiring, oil tank, and much more. approx. 15 acres of farmable land, approx 30 acres of treed land with mature trees. located near north enmore, enmore, springhill, richmond, mount pleasant, st. chrysostome, urbainville, abram village, and ellerslie (western pei). located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and west of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
yellowknife nwt canada - canada day parade july 1, 2013 hd yellowknife nwt canada - canada day parade celebration. northwest territories (canadian territory) yellowknife (city/town/village) canada (country) montreal vancouver vancouver island (island) day happy memorial fishing northwest territories nwt canada nwt gopro gopro hd gopro hd3 gopro hd2 bass fishing lures sexy canada day parade toronto ontario cam camera city (ontology class) valentines ottawa columbia
port glasgow annual steak barbeque july 6 2013 port glasgow ontario known for great fishing and small town hospitality annually cooks up steaks and on the civic holiday in august has a beautiful fish fry with live music and incredible fireworks all put on by not for profit small town community organizations.  video was filmed by replay productions july 2013     serving windsor to toronto with professional 2d/3d video productions at value pricing         freelance videography  music & dance auditions  casting auditions  real estate  weddings  sports events  special occasions    contact jason@replayproductions.ca replayproductionsca port glasgow steak barbeque chris van dongen fishing elgin county west elgin rodney fire department kiwanis rodney fair board fireworks pickeral fishing salmon fishing bass fishing yeloow perch fishing marina port glasgow pier
the whales of alaska a shorter, better resolution video of whales on my alaska vacation. alaska whales charter boat vacation
grundy lake provincial park - fall 2014 week end trip to grundy lake park to do some fishing and hunting for partridge. hunting fishing (tv genre) kayaking (sport)
marten river lodge - our cabins - northern ontario fishing hunting resort marten river lodge - northern ontario fishing resort. a northeastern ontario temagami region vacation marten river lodge northern ontario fishing resort northeastern ontario temagami region vacation destination corporate retreat immaculately clean cabins 80+ year old historic log buildings gourmet dining comfortable 16ft fishing boats raised platform pedestal seat live well fish finders 30 hp electric start motors guided fishing hunting and trail adventures fly-in fishing adventures to remote lakes fishing (tv genre)
boating in kuujjuaq qc another clip of the drive up the river.  there were many cabins along the shore lines.  they build them on stilts, because of the rock bottom.  no roads go to these cabins,  boat/atvs/helecopter/small planes are common methods of transportation.  they are currently in the process of building the breathtaking atpic road all the way up to the ungava bay. ungava bay (body of water) kuujjuaq (location) boating (film subject) fishing (tv genre) salmon river (river) pond (geographical feature category) quartzite (rock type) rare earth element (chemical series) arctic (location) qubec (canadian province)
nipawin  bridge car and train bridge crossing saskatchewan river view old photos of bridge at this link  nipawin old nipawin bridge saskatchewan saskatchewan river tobin lake dam at nipawin francois finlay dam bridges railroad bridges nipawin bridge town of nipawin canada walleye fishing vanity cup priemiers cup walleye tournament grad graffiti railroad train train bridge rivers frozen rivers ice bridge construction building video flip video scenery geese birds concrete metal bridge ice breaker pillars car bridge big bridge
fraser river island 22 to harrison river on a thunder jet  harrison river (river) river (geographical feature category) water fraser river (river) fishing (tv genre) tourist destination
hand turning and shaping peetz classic series mahogany fishing reels  each peetz classic reel is individually hand turned and shaped in our shop in victoria, british columbia, canada - pretty much the same way they were made when peetz was founded back in 1925. all reels are made of rich, sustainably farmed mahogany and high quality brass. most of the components and mechanisms are also made in our shop by hand. fishing salmon fishing hand turning woodworking peetz fishing reels peetz 5 trolling reels mouching reels brass maghony wood yyj victoria bc
grizzly bear tours and other activities: tweedsmuir park lodge, bella coola, bc, canada 2010 our 2010 summer promotional video showcasing our heli hiking, heli fishing and grizzly bear tours and adventures. we are proud as of 2011 our grizzly bear tours and grizzly bear viewing has been recognized by the canadian tourism commission and included in their prestigious "signature experiences collection" which highlights once-in-a-lifetime authentic canadian experiences!  the historic tweedsmuir park lodge, set on 60 acres of private land within the vast wilderness of british columbia's largest protected park, is the ideal setting for your wilderness adventures and experiences. originally built in 1929 as a hunting and fishing lodge, today the lodge accommodates those seeking out a more eco-friendly adventure as well as a relaxing refuge from the pressures of modern life.  the surrounding environment is stunning. rising above the valley floor are the majestic coast mountains, to the west is the largest fjord system in the americas, and to the east the high chilcotin plateau. it is a bio-diverse and spectacular wilderness, home to the totemic wildlife of the great bear rainforest.  our lodge borders the atnarko river and in the fall the grizzly bears come down to feast on the spawning salmon. we are smack in the middle of what is one of the healthiest bear habitats in the world and often the bears can be seen wandering past the lodge. sometimes we even catch them napping on the lawn.  all accommodation at the tweedsmuir park lodge is in one of ten private chalets with the main lodge providing lots of common space for dining, games, and socializing. it is perfect set up for family reunions and corporate groups, which can book the full premises, yet intimate enough that the individual traveler and smaller groups will feel at home. the focus throughout is on great service, and an authentic, welcoming canadian hospitality.  although the lodge and the entire bella coola valley are geographically remote, it is nevertheless easy and convenient to make your way to our door step.  at tweedsmuir park lodge we are lucky to live in a stunning and pristine environment and have a wonderful community supporting us. we are committed to keeping it that way and ask all our guests to participate in our environmental stewardship initiatives to ensure that bella coola continues to be the most extraordinary place in the world to enjoy the great outdoors.  join us. your expectations will be surpassed!! wilderness lodge grizzly bear tours grizzly bears canada bear tour bear watching bren beobachten kanada bren wanderung bren urlaub wildnis abenteuer bren heli fishing heli hiking wildlife viewing salmon fishing heli skiing heliskiing bella coola bella coola accommodation
esnagami lake esnagami lake, northern ontario - stunning sunsets, nature, wildlife, trophy fish everywhere, tales and stories. home to the esnagami wilderness lodge:  and  esnagami lake (lake) lake (geographical feature category) fishing (tv genre) sunset nature wolf bear trout seaplane fishing
talbot river, gamebridge, ontario - april 12, 2015 walleye just beginning to show up - probably should have waited a week but it was too nice a day. talbot river ontario (canadian province) fishing (tv genre) water
marten river lodge - the lodge - northern ontario fishing hunting resort marten river lodge - northern ontario fishing resort. a northeastern ontario temagami region vacation marten river lodge northern ontario fishing resort northeastern ontario temagami region vacation destination corporate retreat immaculately clean cabins gourmet dining live well fish finders guided fishing hunting and trail adventures fly-in fishing adventures to remote lakes fishing (tv genre) hunting (interest) resort (industry)
kenneth's travel vlogs 2015: canadian fishing trip finally after two days i upload a vlog. mostly we drive and get settled in in our cabin at sunshine cove in keene, ontario, canada.  music by tobu   sunshine cove is great! check it out:  (i am not sponsored by or in any way affiliated with sunshine cove resort) kenneth fishing (tv genre) canada travel (tv genre) ontario (canadian province) rice lake sunshine cove sunshine cove keene road family schlatter rice lake ontario
muir lake geese took the float tube out to muir lake with logan.  he always told me the geese are really annoying. fly fishing float tube geese muir lake alberta real realalberta
a camp fish fry at rainbow point lodge, perrault falls, ontario, canada after a rainy, cool week at perrault falls, guests at rainbow point lodge enjoyed some heat from the fire and a great supper at the rainbow point lodge fish fry.  no rain drops on this dinner! rainbow point lodge fish fry perrault falls walleye fishing perrault lake
gunflint trail lake shore rental cabins, nor'wester lodge, bwca mn gunflint trail lake shore rental cabins, nor'wester lodge, bwca mn. reserve your quiet lake shore cabin, each with a private deck and dock on the edge of the bwca boundary waters in northeastern minnesota. nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters offers lakeside cabins and villa accommodations, a sandy swimming beach plus one of the only lake side rv campgrounds on the gunflint trail. our location is perfect for your family vacation and quiet resort getaways. this area is known for excellent fishing for walleye, lake trout, northern pike and smallmouth bass. canoe rentals available.  visit us now:   nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters 7778 gunflint trail grand marais, minnesota 55604  call us now! 1-800-992-4386 1-800-992-4fun  visit our youtube channel:  gunflint trail lake shore rental cabins nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters bwca mn quiet lake shore cabin boundary waters nor'wester lodge lakeside cabin and villa sandy swimming beach lake side rv campground walleye fishing smallmouth bass fishing hiking  camping 7trillionvideos.com retsew'nor egdol
wigwam resort's shore lunch with cummins npower group: august 1st we hosted a great group of guys from cummins npower this past week, and we ended their fishing adventure with a great shore lunch on garden island.  thankfully, it didn't rain on us, and they all stuffed themselves with fish, our famous shore lunch potatoes, baked beans, and cookies!  we have no doubt that each and every one of them went home 10 pounds heavier!  want to experience this awesome shore lunch yourself?   give us a call!   we are offering some great specials right now!  give us a call to book your fishing vacation! 1-800-448-9260 or visit us on the web!  "like" us on facebook! (wigwam resort on lake of the woods)  the wigwam resort is located on beautiful lake of the woods in baudette, minnesota. shore lunch shorelunch lake of the woods lotw baudette minnesota wigwam wigwam resort wigwam lodge walleye fishing eating walleye fried walleye walleye fishing group trip
grey wolf swimming to shoreline-  ontario canada - we were on a fly in fishing trip to abamasagi lake ontario when the unexpected happened.  i have read about this from the thickest books and have only seen 1 photo in a friends cabin, it is rarer sight then a minnesota vikings winning super bowl trophy, i know that is rare being from minnesota.    if my father and i had not fished this point the night before the walleye would have been so thick that this would not have been possible.    a swimming grey wolf...  #do not get me too close.  #awesome possum, holy cow.  thanks for viewing.  dustin petersen & brian brackenbury wolf timberwolf grey wolf swimming wolf swimming timberwolf swimming grey wolf ontario fly in fishing nature moment iphone video walleye fishing swimming dog swimming abamasagi lake ontario nekina ontario twin lakes outfitters gopro hero 4 black apple iphone video
gunflint trail lake shore rental cabins nor'wester lodge bwca mn gunflint trail lake shore rental cabins nor'wester lodge bwca mn. reserve your quiet lake shore cabin, each with a private deck and dock on the edge of the bwca boundary waters in northeastern minnesota. nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters offers lakeside cabins and villa accommodations, a sandy swimming beach plus one of the only lake side rv campgrounds on the gunflint trail. our location is perfect for your family vacation and quiet resort getaways. this area is known for excellent fishing for walleye, lake trout, northern pike and smallmouth bass. canoe rentals available.  nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters 7778 gunflint trail grand marais, minnesota 55604  call us now! 1-800-992-4386 1-800-992-4fun visit us now:   visit our youtube channel:   reserve your cabin today!  gunflint trail lake shore rental cabins nor'wester lodge bwca mn gunflint trail lake shore rental cabins nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters bwca mn quiet lake shore cabin boundary waters nor'wester lodge lakeside cabin and villa sandy swimming beach lake side rv campground walleye fishing smallmouth bass fishing hiking  camping retsew'nor egdol
random chainsaw carvings someone's random chainsaw carvings in middle of nowhere ( sandilands manitoba close to the 31 and trail 17  someone's random carvings in middle of nowhere chainsaw stuff funny school wood youtube special fishing (tv genre) television (invention) very free new account jeff speech guest member rare freedom christmas free (musical group) very funny copyright nice mirror free (erika song) censorship suspended banned members beta spencer google false free (musical artist) south ashley accounts backup outdoor recreation (interest)
sailing desolation sound 2013 sailing trip through the beautiful desolation sound in british columbia sailing (sport) british columbia (canadian province) sailboat (ship type) underwater diving (profession) oyster (animal) yoga (idea) swimming (sport) dance (professional field) hiking (sport) fishing (tv genre) gopro (brand) nature (literary genre) waterfall (ontology class) spare ribs (dish) canada (country) desolation sound (location) desolation sound marine provincial park (protected site)
game of sand - lac dumont launching a bass boat on lac dumont ain't easy, getting it out is worse! fishing (tv genre) boating (film subject) comedy (film genre)
into the labelle wild - a short movie about trips into quebec's rserve faunique de papineau-labelle 26 minutes. nature, family. jeep. beautiful wild lakes, fishing, rserve faunique de papineau-labelle , quebec, labelle, canada, lakes, lacs, manitou, preston, paul, lac des roches, tremblant, wild, lakes, quebec, canada, fish, kayak, beaux lacs sauvages, pche, la rserve faunique de papineau-labelle, qubec, labelle, canada, manitou, preston, paul, lac des roches, tremblant, sauvage, lacs, qubec, canada, du poisson, kayak   | | | all video and photo content is original. all songs were found on the internet on legitimate open websites and added as background music only, because they are enjoyable songs/music. this is a non-profit video. youtube identified these as copyrighted and belonging to their owners/publishers: "u2-where the streets have no name", sound recording administered by: 1:23 umg; "the hit crew-swan theme (from swan lake)", sound recording administered by: 16:56 the orchard music; "2001: space odyssey-also sprach zarathustra", sound recording administered by: wmg. youtube may remove some of the songs/music.| | | manitou nature lac des roches fish fishing (tv genre) wild rserve faunique de papineau-labelle lakes kayak pche tremblant quebec labelle canada papineau-labelle wildlife reserve (protected site) antoine labelle (deceased person) de beaux lacs sauvages beautiful wild lakes preston fishing la rserve faunique de papineau-labelle qubec paul 20 min. parc papineau labelle sauvage du poisson lacs
tundra men v 1.0 the tundra men embark on a caribou hunt and go fishing in northern quebec. kuujjuaq hunting (interest) fishing (tv genre) canada (country) arctic circle (location) qubec (canadian province) caribou (musical artist) trout (organism classification) caribou hunting high north outfitters
cameron falls and waterton lakes  national park youtube  creative commons  music - tucson -silent partner waterton lakes national park, alberta, canada cameron falls are located right in the heart of waterton village. this serene cascade is well lit at night for viewers enjoying a peaceful evening stroll. these falls are also the site of the oldest rock in the entire canadian rocky mountain range! precambrian bedrock dating 1.5 billion years (1500 million years) old has become exposed and is visible near the falls.   waterton lakes national park borders glacier national park in montana to the south, together making up the waterton-glacier international peace park, the first of its kind in the world. a place like no other, the uniqueness of waterton park is a blend of unusual geology, mild climate, rare wild flowers, and an abundance of wildlife. it is a scene which has remained unchanged for centuries.waterton park, commonly referred to as waterton, is a hamlet in southwestern alberta, canada. one of canada's grand railway hotels the prince of wales hotel a national historic site of canada located at the east entrance of the park.as of 2006, waterton park had a total population of 160 living in 54 dwellings here, several different ecological regions meet and interact in a landscape shaped by wind, fire, flooding,   it has an elevation of 1,280 metres (4,200 ft).  waterton lakes national park is a unesco world heritage site, an international peace park, and a biosphere reserve! the only park in the world that has these three designations!   2012 - dianne campbell. all rights reserved waterton park unesco world heritage site falls documentary biosphere reserve international peace tourism rocky mountains prince of wales hotel national park (iucn category) fishing (tv genre) waterton lakes national park (protected site)
gopro summer 2015 | superstition (c2c remix) | hd true north strong presents summer 2015.  all footage captured over the 2015 summer. shot using gopro hero 4 black and hero 3+ black and silver editions. location include dominican republic, cuba and haliburton ontario. song - stevie wonder - superstition (c2c remix).  please leave a like or a comment! for more gopro sports videos and ball hockey games subscribe! follow true north strong on instagram @true_north_strong.   recorded by matthew hewitt and anthony d'addona. edited and produced by anthony d'addona (@anth_daddona) & matthew hewitt (@hewitt_95). true north strong logo designed by daniel marchione, anthony d'addona and matthew hewitt. all edited using adobe premiere pro cc and after effects. a true north strong production. true north strong gopro cuba (country) dominican republic (country) ontario (canadian province) canada (country) all-terrain vehicle (product category) atv pov hero 4 black hero 3+ black 2.7k 1080p 120fps boating summer 2015 parasailing (sport) ocean (geographical feature category) slowmotion fishing crossbow target field (sports facility) dune buggy bow and arrow haliburton county (administrative division) kayaking (sport) scuba diving (interest) swimming (sport)
salmon glacier august 7, 1999 the portland canal forms the border between british columbia and the southernmost part of the alaska panhandle.  the towns of stewart b.c. and hyder, alaska are at the head of the canal.  behind them is the salmon glacier. stewart british columbia hyder alaska salmon glacier verenigde staten   portland canal canada fishing bear
(sold) prince edward island real estate 47 calm water waterfront pei north granville stanley bridge reduced to $659,000 (4/14/12) $40,000 price reduction!  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.  this is a gorgeous waterfront home that is only 1+/- year new located in north granville/stanley bridge (granville on the water). located 15 minutes east of summerside, 35 minutes west of charlottetown, 35 minutes east of the confederation bridge in borden, 15 minutes from kensington. close to french river, new london, stanley bridge, park corner, cavendish, hope river, campbellton, and green gables. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  camera used was a canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro 7 on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
(sold) penderosa prince edward island, darnley, 45 riley, waterview beach house cottage real estate reduced to $349,877 (5/2/12)  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.  this is 45 riley located in penderosa, darnley, pei. located 20 minutes east of summerside, near thunder shores & twin shores campground, 35 minutes west of charlottetown, 35 minutes north of the confederation bridge in borden, 10 minutes from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  camera used was a canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
canoing at horizons north horizons north offers clean, comfortable and affordable housekeeping cottages in a family friendly atmosphere.  our northern ontario fishing and hunting resort offers you abundant walleye/pickerel, bass and northern pike fishing on two secluded lakes.  we also offer accommodation for the avid moose, bear and small game hunters.  atv and hiking trails galore to explore when youre not fishing.  visit our webpage:  or rate us on tripadvisor:  or even follow us on facebook:  horizons north fishing resort holiday camp canada ontario canoe canoing marten river vacation summer
welcome to let's go outdoors - 15 sec let's go outdoors brings you great outdoor stories from across alberta, canada. we have a ton of fun covering stories about outdoor adventure, education, conservation, and all types of recreation.   the tv show runs mid-february through early may each year. but stay tuned as we post new material on this youtube channel year 'round! canada alberta outdoors camping fishing hunting hiking skiing climbing michael short elma mehmedbegovic mary hulbert brad fenson animals wildlife shotguns shooting conservation habitat reclamation shooting sport (sport) deer park nature mountain banff jasper boating archery natural areas sport sports
prince edward island $25k waterfront lot seawatch st. lawrence acreage/lot next to miminegash reduced to $22,000 (8/26/13).  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate and couldn't afford it, now is your chance.  this is a 1.16 acre waterfront lot with access to the ocean located in st. lawrence's seawatch sub division.  located 60 minutes west of summerside, 95 minutes west of charlottetown, 90 minutes west of the confederation bridge in borden, 70 minutes from kensington. close to tignish, nail pond, sea cow pond, anglo tignish.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  cameras used were a nikon d200 and sony hdr-hc7 edited via final cut pro 7 on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
beautiful buckhorn lake cottage ontario canada beautiful buckhorn lake cottage ontario canada  youtube:  facebook:   for more information on burlington mountainside pool, go to: buckhorn lake (lake) lake (geographical feature category) buckhorn (city/town/village) up north cottage country vacation family fun family fun camping holiday summer for sale cabin cottage (accommodation type) tourism (interest) outdoor pigeon lake (lake) sandy lake (city/town/village) deer bay clear lake (lake) wilderness (quotation subject) weekend ontario (canadian province) canada toronto flooding fishing bass sun fish travel guru
bedeque waterfront/waterview lots prince edward island canada near summerside west of charlottetown reduced: waterviews lots now $14,987, and waterfront $34,987.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is a small sub division of 5 lots; 3 waterfront for $39,877., and 2 waterview lots for $18,877. located near bedeque, north bedeque, lower bedeque, freetown, summerside, fernwood, chelton, holman island, dunk river, searletown, wilmot valley, and bouquet point. located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and south of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
chimo lodge intro and check-in, trip to keeper lake chimo lodge ontario ca floatplane outpost fishing check-in day and tour of keeper lake cabins ontario fishing pike walleye red keeper lake canada floatplane
exploring the athabasca river explore the mighty athabasca river and the historical significance it holds for the athabasca region.  to book a tour with grand rapids wilderness adventures, visit  or visit  for more information. grand rapids athabasca river (river) boating wilderness history athabasca (city/town/village) vacation adventure summer visitathabasca.ca tourism (interest) fun alberta (canadian province) canada (country) fishing tourist destination camping weekend
fernie condo in fernie bc sleeps 6-10 for skiing, fishing, hiking, biking really nice clean condo with double master bedrooms and room for 6 more in basement. has full stocked kitchen, fireplace, south deck ideal for skiing as were right below fernie alpine resort only 2.5 km from ski hill turnoff. also ideal for fly fishing as we are right on the river and you can walk across the parking lot and go fishing. rent it here:  fly fishing elk river fernie alpine resort (ski area) mountain biking (interest) fishing snowboarding (interest) skiing (sport) cross country skiing fernie (city/town/village) british columbia (canadian province) hiking (sport)
for sale, 229  river ridge way, kimberley, bc. building lot with views. tara sykes gorgeous, elevated, sloping building lot perfect for building your dream home. amazing views of the purcell mountain range and peek-a-boo view of the rockies, as well as the hoodoos surrounding the st. mary river. enjoy an out of town feel with the conveniences of living within city limits, including city water and sewer services. mini golf, regular golf, and an outdoor pool, as well as river rafting and fishing are great summer activities within your own neighborhood. sit on your deck and enjoy the sound of st mary's river rushing by. both lots 8 and 9 are for sale, (#225 and #229 river ridge way). gst has been paid. mls#2394218, tara sykes, royal lepage east kootenay realty kimberley (city/town/village) kimbelrey ski building lot vacant lot views st mary river fly fishing river for sale real estate
episode 31 - float tube phoenix on mike lake mike lake in golden ears provincial park is a fantastic close to home lake.  mike lake is stocked with fraser valley hatchery rainbow trout several times a year.  these are your typical triploid clones, easy to catch and not very thrilling to land.  on mother's day i pulled my old belly boat float tube from storage and put it to work.  it has been over ten years since i fished mike lake and it is the lake where i cut my teeth as an angler.  hope you enjoy! mike lake golden ears park mike lake maple ridge bc fly fishing float tube belly boat screaming reels tv rainbow trout fraser valley trout stocked trout
chilko lake lodge: go wild! thanks chilko lake resort. awesome time in summer 2015. lots of fish and big ones too, filmed in two fishing sessions. filmed by alex desrosiers, spencer bonn and calum huntington. edited by spencer bonn. special thanks to brien pattison and dave cochlan. fish fishing fly fly fishing trout river lake resort lodge chilko chilcko chilko lake lodge chilko river alex desrosier spencer bonn nature chilko lake (lake) travel catch adventure nature (tv program)
things to do: a summer guide to fernie visitors from around the world come to visit fernie, bc to enjoy our amazing outdoor playground, relax in the historic downtown and get back to nature. sage mcbride explores the many activities and attractions that make fernie a great place to visit for a day, a week or a month in summer.   host: sage mcbride, lead singer from local band shred kelly videographer: nick nault mountain biking hiking camping holiday fun bike family whitewater rafting paddleboarding mountains rivers fly fishing historic downtown patios aerial park golf adventures canadian rockies british columbia summer arts culture music festivals white water rafting river rafting
diving terns and minnow swarms - fairford river manitoba canada   fishing slow so i took so vid of the terns and bait fish minnows terns birds canada (country) manitoba (canadian province) bird fly fishing
crazy bear wilderness lodge b.c. ~ take off from ginny lake to nimpo lake take off from ginny lake with left turn and flight over the lake as we fly back to nimpo lake in the chilcotin valley ( in central bc) kb180g fishing fly fishing b.c. fishig b.c. fishing lodges crazy bear lodge
north haven resort on utik lake, manitoba, canada; canada's newest five-star fishing location north haven resorts is manitoba's newest fishing location for monster northern pike and countless numbers of walleye.  it is located approximately 450 air miles north of the city of winnipeg, manitoba, canada. this five star resort offer luxurious lakefront accommodations, gourmet dining, fresh walleye shore lunches, a conference room, sauna, fitness center, massage services, and outdoor jacuzzi tub.  north haven is the experience of a lifetime!  fishing pike northern pike walleye manitoba canada fly fishing shore lunch knee lake floatplane otter beaver geographic outdoors boats toronto tourism environment star howto
(sold) 155 linda summerside prince edward island real estate gavin estates pei canada crea please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek, crs, abr, epro, is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance    this elegant 4 bedroom/4bath home sits on a large (.95acre) private lot with mature trees surrounding the yard and includes double attached garage plus detached (20` x52`)garage/work shop.  ceramic hardwood and laminate floors throughout, propane fireplace, wood stove, sun room, master bedroom with 4 pc. ensuite and large walk in closet. too may extras to mention. located in gavin estates (summerside) near wilmot valley, st. eleanors, miscouche, sherbrooke, traveller's rest, and linkletter. located west of charlottetown, north west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and in summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, epro, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:  michael poczynek has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada. michael is also a developer and has an extensive background in information technology. michael is extremely entrepreneurial in nature and always on the lookout for investment and business opportunities relating to or not relating to real estate. michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
dogskin lake lodge july & august 2013 northern lights time lapse compilation compilation of various time lapse sequences taken over the last few weeks at dogskin lake lodge. good views of northern lights and the earth's rotation. these were shot with a canon 5dmii with 25 second exposures back to back for 3-4 hours.  the second segment has some nice perseid meteors. dogskin manitoba canada fly-in fishing hunting meteor northern lights
brierley rapids at 750cms this is what brierley rapids on the north saskatchewan river near rocky mountain house, alberta looks like after four days of rain. forty foot spruce trees (roots and all) and logs the size of telephone poles were floating by at a rate of 2 or 3 a minute. we wisely opted not to kayak that day. brierley brierlies rapids north saskatchewan river rocky mountain house alberta
"welcome to our home" tribal treks episode 4 part 3 tribal treks takes ordinary people on extraordinary adventures with the first nations people of canada.    in this episode, ronnie and graham gerrard, hairdressers from the city, go to bamfield, british columbia, to visit the traditional lands of the huu-ay-aht first nation.    derek peters welcomes them and gives a tour.  clifford charles arranges their campsite at the pachena bay campground where the couple finds a spiritual connection.  larry johnson, the economic development manager for the huu-ay-aht first nation, takes them fishing and to a traditional salmon feast.  robert dennis junior teaches drumming, colleen peters teaches dancing, and gabe williams lets them try some carving and then takes them on a canoe paddle in a traditional dugout canoe. tribal treks first nations indian british columbia bc canada bamfield huu-ay-aht ronnie graham gerard derek peters clifford charles larry johnson robert dennis junior colleen gabe williams pachena bay campground camping tent beach fishing salmon feast barbeque barbecue drum drumming dance dancing carve carving dugout canoe
man cave, river valley lodge, sturgeon falls, ontario   welcome to river valley lodge, a four-season paradise, located near sturgeon falls, ontario. situated on 165 private acres with the sturgeon river running through it, this beautiful property offers complete privacy with all the modern amenities.  with over 6000 sq.ft. of living accommodation it is ideal for large groups (weddings, retreats, reunions). campsites and trailer sites are also available.   the atv/snowmobile trail runs right through the property offering miles of scenic trails. there is a boat ramp for you to use and the sturgeon river provides miles of boating for you to explore and a sand beach for your enjoyment. we also offer fishing boat rentals.  a hunt camp is across the street on 180 acres and adjacent to crown land for you to use.  the fishing is excellent - come catch your next big catch! river valley field west nipissing (city/town/village) sturgeon river lodge group fishing hunting hiking boating atv snowmobile atv trail snowmobile trail
let's go outdoors: season two - episode 7   this week: bats in waterton national park; in search of the yellow bellied sapsucker; electro-fishing near pincher creek; horse patrols in provincial parks; woodland caribou research; choosing a life jacket; and kids fishing.  this half-hour tv series is part of the lgo programming line up. the 13 week series runs on ctv two in alberta, canada, on sunday evenings at 6 pm mountain time and on discovery world at 6 pm eastern time. visit our website at  for more information. michael short let's go outdoors outdoors elma mehmedbebovic mary hulbert brad fenson alberta devon energy dow royal alberta museum alberta tourism alberta parks cabela's fishing caribou pincher creek horses conservation officers provincial parks life jackets bats canada sapsucker waterton national park
million dollar home for sale prince edward island waterfront real estate century 21 pei millionaire million dollar home for sale prince edward island waterfront real estate century 21 pei millionaire.  subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and get all pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now. mls description: residential - imagine your life nestled into the picturesque community of new glasgow! the spectacular views of the river clyde and surrounding scenery are ever changing and can be viewed from every where in this gracious home. this home will surround you with a feeling of serenity and comfort. rest awhile in the screened porch and enjoy the tranquility of the garden as you watch the sun set over the water. there is a flow here, whether alone or with 50 of your friends. everywhere you look, the quality of this home shows, be it the beautifully beamed living room ceiling with painted clouds by island artist greg garand or the exquisite spa like master bath and spacious walk in closet. you are close to every and all amenities, gourmet restaurants to golf courses. all you need is in the charming village of rustico, and only 30 minutes from all the excitement and culture of charlottetown.  located near new glasgow, route 258, route 13, hunter river, rennies road, rustico, rusticoville, st. ann, millvale, stanley bridge, hope river, rustico bay, cymbria, cavendish, cavendish beach, mayfield, charlottetown, and summerside. located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997. michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by  and song used is called "sheep may safely roam".  licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0.   this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, mls id # 13069521. video youtube link:  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business crea millionaire
keewaydin temagami section 3 2011 wilderness canoe trips for girls ages 10-18 with keewaydin camp on lake temagami in ontario canada. these fun, empowering and safe excursions build outdoor skills while fostering strength, leadership, self reliance and confidence. keewaydin temagami wilderness canoe girls summer camp friendship skills leadership independence strength team canoeing trips outdoor camping swimming paddling fishing water river holiday fun boats
kane valley lakes, birds and black bear fishing and camping lakes in the summer and cross country skiing in the winter. kane valley lakes near merritt, bc - spectacular! kane valley video kentucky-alleyne provincial park harmon lake trail lakes first nations cross-country x-c ski trails nicola valley nordic club merritt fishing small boats hiking moutain biking rving atvs camping cross country skiing ranching horses bear blue bird bc tourism trapping coquihalla wildlife bluebirds black quilchena agritourism monck archaeological sites bctourism hellobc thompson okanagan jcvdude videos media productions yt:crop=16:9 localsknow
cable head east prince edward island canada waterfront oceanfront real estate for sale pei the home i mention (in this video) has been sold, and it not currently listed for sale.    |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is approximately 9.06 acres of waterfront/oceanfront land located in cable head east just east of the greenwich canadian national park. located near cable head, cable head west, greenwich, st. peters, morell, lakeside, red head harbour, midgell, ashton, southampton, bangor, mount stewart, and millburn. located north east of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, east from kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
it's a desert with a lake osoyoos is in canada's desert region. beautiful and warm, many activities and just look at the view. osoyoos videos wine capital of canada video canadas sonora desert country southern okanagan endangered ecological region orchards vineyards wildlife lakefront resorts campsites camping fishing hiking biking trails jcvdude productions yt:crop=16:9 localsknow tour tourismbc hellobc european farmers travel holiday vacation grapes tuccel-nuit gallagher vaseux lakes canoeing boating windsurfing skiing fruit-picking kayaking river cattle ranch rattlesnake osprey bass carp catfish oliver
5886 northside north lake prince edward island canada real estate for sale pei east of charlottetown reduced to $289,000 (5/27/13) please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance   this is 5886 northside road located in north lake. waterfront 10 acre white sandy beach/ocean north shore property with a furnished vacation home. your own private eco friendly getaway with 490 ft of pristine shorefront. walk the dunes and enjoy the wildlife and solitude this property has to offer. home offers 3 bedrooms, ensuite bath plus second bath, family room. dining area open to living room, featuring a bank of patio doors along front of home. wrap around deck extending length of home. relax and explore this lifestyle. located near  east point, elmira, lakeville, fairfield, campbells cove, bothwell, kingsboro, red point, priest pond, rock barra, souris, basin head, and south lake. located east of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, east from kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. michael poczynek has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada. michael is also a developer and has an extensive background in information technology. michael is extremely entrepreneurial in nature and always on the lookout for investment and business opportunities relating to or not relating to real estate. michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
prairie's edge development corporation- water's edge at lucien lake we invite you to visit our newest lakefront development- water's edge at lucien lake.  please visit  for development details.   imagine - leisure time in a tranquil, soothing setting away from the hurried pace of life, time with family and friends, fishing, water sports, unwinding with nature at your doorstep.     this is only the beginning of what prairie's edge developments has to offer in our exciting new lakefront subdivisions. each lake property is unique; abound with natural beauty and a variety of four-season recreational opportunities. your new property will be the foundation to build your dreams upon and only a short drive from four major centers.  our family run company is committed to providing exceptional real estate investment opportunities while being respectful of the local natural environment.  prairie's edge developmentshelping you to realize your dreams while investing in your future. waterfront water lake saskatchewan recreation beach fishing relaxation enjoyment tranquil real estate
playing, boating, sunset on christina lake spectacular sunset at christina lake.  it's a vacationers paradise, large clear lake perfect for swimming, boating and fishing, lots of campgrounds along with vacation cabins and year round homes. christina lake kootenay cascade falls boating boats water skiing jet-skiing family vacation holiday getaway fishing rv sites camping climbing biking hiking kokanee trout bass touring wakeboarding kayaking beaches sports nature wildlife bc hellobc lodges b&b kootenays canadian rockies national parks vacations hotels motels packages yolo jcv jcvdude travel tourism destinations events hd videographer kelowna sony hdr ax2000 1080i video handycam
kayaking in the great bear rainforest in october 3 atbo students from college of the rockies, golden start a kayaking trip in bella bella and end in prince rupert. this journey took them 26 days of paddling through the great bear rainforest of british columbia. home to the spirit bear, grizzly bear, black bear, wolves, humpback whales, orcas, dolphins, seals, sea otters, river otters, and lots more. it is truly the amazon of the north. what is so terrible is canada has a projected plan to ship oil through this waters via 1000 foot oil takers through less than 2 km wide channels. up in these waters are some of the biggest tides on the pacific coast and it would be complete and utterly chaotic. say no to enbridge!!!! enjoy. imovie great bear spirit bear kayaking kayak water british columbia kayaking atbo bella bella prince rupert pipeline say no to enbridge enbridge save our coast rain wet bc coast rainforest trees fishing crabs oysters whales humpback whales orcas sea otters sea lions river otters kayaks current design seward dagger boreal
vlog 001: manliest bachelor's party day 01 june 17, 2016 camping trip at campground pocahontas in the beautiful jasper, ab canada  disclaimer: i do not own any of the soundtrack, property and rights for this audio. the songs are from nocopyrightsounds.co.uk camping bachelor's party fishing jasper alberta canada ncs cruising campground pocahontas talbot lake tent tenting part 1 day 01
west coast wilderness lodge, canada west coast wilderness lodge is located on the beautiful sunshine coast of british columbia. deep in the wilderness yet an easy three hours to the city, west coast wilderness lodge resort brings first-class adventure, gourmet fine dining and luxury accommodations to the laid-back sunshine coast of british columbia.    for more information visit     produced by north woods productions, olalla, wa,     this and other quality videos available online at  air skookumchuck hike boating canada tourism vacation floatplane productions sunshine woods columbia bc whitewater kayak british west nature wilderness coast kenmore lodge recreatio travel production fishing north video seaplane rapids tourism destinations and events
labour day in algonquin, 2013 me, kory, and shane head to booth lake for the labour day long weekend.  along the way we have a great time looking for firewood, fishing, swimming, and everything else that makes algonquin great! canoe algonquin provincial park (protected site) camping portaging labour day (event) fun fishing biolight booth lake canada
fall colours in the  addington highlands, ontario, canada this is a collection of 2013 fall colour (color) images in the addington highlands, of ontario canada. we had the pleasure of staying at hiddencove cottage resorts owned by rick and sandra arsenault on lake weslemkoon, just east of bancroft ontario. we spent a full week on the atv trails, doing a little fishing, some hunting, and just plain relaxing. all the shots in this slide show were made with my nikon p510. i have also posted some helmet cam video of the 100+ klm. we traveled on the atv trails during our stay at hiddencove.. weslemkoon atv hiddencove bancroft fishing canoe ontario canada fall colors autumn
jerry lawrence provincial park. tantallon, nova scotia. a park designed to be fully accessible to people with disabilities.  wheel chair accessible fishing piers and lots of other great features make this park fun for all.  for more information on the park, visit:  jerry lawrence provincial park park tantallon nova scotia fishing wheelchair accessible disability disabilities stocked lake lewis lake round lake halifax trails saint margarets bay
mooseland river -  highway 811 near armstrong ontario mooseland river -  highway 811 near armstrong ontario thunder bay mooseland river rapids fishing waterways nipigon lake guiding
alberta land sales alberta land sales by calgary commercial realtor.  featuring eagle lake 805 acres, black diamond 3.43 acres, calgary ne 18.46 acres, airdrie sw 15-20 acres alberta land available properties commercial residential development lots builder fishing lake waterfront
(sold) oceanfront cottage white sand dunes prince edward island real estate sand dunes maximeville oceanfront cottage white sand dunes prince edward island real estate sand dunes ln. maximeville  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent". prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance. this waterfront/oceanfront cottage is located at 66-76 sand dunes lane in maximeville.   near egmont bay, abrams village, cape egmont, urbainville, saint rapheal prince edward island.   located west of charlottetown, west of summerside, west of the confederation bridge in borden, and west from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  camera used was a sony hdr-hc7.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
nslc adopt-a-stream "amy / water" commercial highlighting the efforts of the program to clean up the rivers and increase fish population in nova scotia, canada. featuring amy weston.    go to  for more information    produced by beth martin & fps  directed by catherine brown & jeffrey fish    music by village sound.    canon 5dmii, gopro hero, glidetrack aas adopt stream nova scotia liquor corporation sackville river association ssra fishing environment outdoors nature commercial
peachland by okanagan lake we drive from kelowna to osoyos in the south interior.  this is british columbia and the things we find along our drive, extraordinary. peachland, right on the okanagan lake is one of those things.  music:  alex yiannaras  myspace.com/elixirion   peachland videos british columbia vacation cheap travel packages bc tourism hellobc thompson okanagan lake valley flights to traveling tours fishing sailing skiing sailboarding beaches kiteboarding boat rentals house boats resorts penticton summerland trans canada highway touring hiking mountain biking westjet sunwing jcvdude video productions kelowna media artist destinations vacation getaways canadian resorts tourismbc
prince edward island real estate for sale; oceanfront lot cape traverse view of confederation bridge  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance. this is a lot in cape traverse and it is waterfront/oceanfront with a nice sand beach. prince edward island real estate for sale; oceanfront lot cape traverse view of confederation bridge near borden and the confederation bridge, prince edward island (pei) canada. located west of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, south south east from kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
new glasgow waterfront acreage for sale prince edward island real estate west of  charlottetown pei subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and get all pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. motivated to sell this prime waterfront land in the picturesque village of new glasgow. many upscale estate like homes bordering this beautiful lot. 6.3 acres of gentle sloping land; 300 ft of waterfront onto the river clyde; build a beautiful home estate like parcel or potential to sub-divide; fronting rte 258 for year round access; fantastic views of the meandering river clyde; stones throw from pei preserve company, glasgow hills golf club, and white sandy beaches. nothing compares to this property for this price! offers considered. build your dream home this upscale piece of property you can enjoy the view of the new glasgow hills golf course. only 10 minutes to cavendish attractions and 20 minutes to charlottetown you can't go wrong with this property. located near charlottetown, cavendish beach, cavendish, rennies road, st. patricks, millvale, rustico, hunter river, st. ann, stanley bridge, mayfield, rusticoville, rustico, anglo rustico, and cymbria. located east of cavendish, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, summerside, and east of charlottown. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13068870. video youtube link:  and  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
(sold) 373 market summerside prince edward island real estate pei (west of charlottetown) reduced $89,900 (4/8/13).  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.  this is a video showing 373 market street in summerside, pei. located 45 minutes west of charlottetown, 25 minutes west of the confederation bridge in borden, 10 minutes from kensington. close to miscouche, kensington, wilmot valley, new annan, union corner, linkletter, sherbrooke. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  camera used was a canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
prince edward island real estate: dune road, st. felix overview with aerial drone west of summerside please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. this is an overview of dune road, st. felix, prince edward island, canada. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada.   michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, and prince edward island real estate board (peirea) mls # 13067693.  video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment drone gorpo st. felix
chute lake mountain top retreat - canada europeans and americans are starting to discover the solitude, quiet and tranquil beauty of a remote mountain top escape.  clean air, no noise, and solitude - most of the time. chute lake bc is a short distance up from the okanagan valley  at the site of the historic kettle vally railway, there are campsites, both private and provincial, fishing and mountain biking for miles around.  the chute lake lodge lets you replenish supplies, have a burger or just browse through the extensive collection of antiques.  music: 'lost souls' ensams   music: 'ph tonight' by victor1989    chute lake resort historic kettle valley railway mountain bike tours accomodations thompson okanagan lake kelowna british columbia bc rental bike lodge cottages cabins for rent canadian destinations vacation cheap travel packages flights to traveling expeditions resorts hiking biking touring park fire 2003 hotels motels parks camping fishing lakes tenting holiday attractions travel packages guideyolo jcv jcvdude hd nature videographer
icebreaker 2008 - 1 little water never hurt klr 650 motorcycle adventure trip ontario dualsport water motor sport
british columbia water front dream property for sale waterfront dream property $2,450,000 cad.    for 360 degree panoramic displays, image gallery, floor plans and other complete details please visit         this is a waterskiing, boating, fishing, golfing and winter skiing paradise.    this spectacular waterfront luxury home is only 20 minutes east of kamloops located, in the heart of the thompson okanagan region of british columbia, on the shores of the south thompson river.  the south thompson river offers calm waters renowned for waterskiing, wake boarding and other water recreation. combined with both the shuswap lakes and kamloops lake the region enjoys over 180 miles of navigable waterway.    this estate has more than 6800 sq ft of quality post and beam design craftsmanship with 30 foot ceilings and is situated on a well designed 5 acres with solid cedar rail fencing for horses or other hobby farm animals.  this home features a long list of country style furnishing, many handcrafted which add to a long list of built in features.  there is extensive hardwood, stone and tile throughout.     the home features dual gas furnaces, central air conditioning, a large river rock wood fireplace as well as 4 gas fireplaces.  the gourmet kitchen is an entertainers dream featuring stainless steel appliances including a built in refrigerated island with a marble pastry top, maple cabinets, dual wall ovens, dual dishwashers, and much more.  there is room for all the family in a dining room fit for 16 or in the home theatre room.  8 bedrooms, all fully furnished with custom designed furniture and featuring ensuite bathrooms in each.  the master bedroom boasts a two person soaker tub, steam shower, gas fireplace and large walk in custom closet.  you will also find a fully equipped gym and fitness room, and pool table for your enjoyment.        the meticulously kept grounds boast many fruit bearing tress including peach, apple and cherry.  there are also numerous raspberry bushes, strawberry plants and grape vines that are surrounded by lush landscaped gardens.  the grounds also include a custom built river rock bbq for you to sit around and enjoy the hot dry summer evenings while entertaining your family and friends.    not only does this property offer infinite family fun, recreation, and a venue for building lasting memories, it also offers unique opportunities for creative minds.     this piece of paradise has endless potential. are you interested in raising horses, teaching your children or grandchildren to ride ponies, or have you always wanted to raise organic livestock? perhaps you have a green thumb, and dreamed of planting a vineyard, owning your own orchard, growing heritage tomatoes or prize raspberries. for the budding entrepreneurs or those interested in some extra income into retirement, consider operating a bed and breakfast, a bed and bale business, corporate retreats or perhaps you have always wanted to open a yoga studio. the opportunities from this property are endless. british columbia bc b.c. property real estate for sale luxury waterfront lakefront riverfront golf ski waterski boating fishing horses bed and breakfast b and b b&b shuswap thompson river kamloops tobiano sun peaks sun rivers homes buy retreat
french river provincial park gunkholing anchorage ontario french river provincial park on northern georgian bay is another great place for gunk holing. park was empty this year. french river provincial park camping kayaking anchoring anchorage gunkholing gunk holing ontario french river village georgian bay north channel lake huron fishing boating exploring canoeing coponaning snapping turtle
quick cook's bay, simcoe ice condition test 14th jan 2017 want to know how thick the ice is? quick vid - cook's bay, lake simcoe ice conditions canada atv tours tourism adventure tour get lost hike scenery guide eco tourism lake simcoe ice conditions january jan 14 14th 2017 saturday weekend fishing thickness safe is it how thick what are current lofty lens gopro go pro kawasaki keswick rayners
prince edward island water/oceanfront acreage w/triplex, house, land wooded & cleared hebron reduced to $225,000.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, office or manufacturing space, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.  this is very special and unique property with a massive amount of ocean and waterfrontage. west of  summerside and charlottetown pei. waterfront acreage 1600+ ft of shoreline. half treed, half cleared. good low bank to water. nice private getaway. only 10 min. to o`leary. price included cottage. large livingroom area. upstairs has mas. bed plus ensuite bath. large kitchen dining area combined. there is a building beside cottage. building has garage on main floor and 3 small apartments upstairs. building had been used for horses a long time ago. this video on milo is in the same area and road:  near hebron, milo, brae harbour, derby, coleman, glenwood, dunblane, west point, brae, beaton road, alaska, prince edward island.   located in hebron, 40 km north west of summerside, 95 km west of charlottetown, 60 km north west of the confederation bridge in borden, 53 km from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  camera used was a sony hdr-hc7.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
(sold) beach house for sale 97 penny's ln beach point prince edward island pei canada charlottetown reduced to $269,900. (3/14/13).  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance. this is a lot in covehead and it is waterfront/oceanfront with a nice sand beach. spectacular waterfront beach house just a few feet from a gorgeous low bank sandy beach. warmest waters north of the carolina`s. huge potential with this amazing panoramic view property. buy as an investment. welcome to 97 penny's lane in beach point pei where the possibilities are endless. breathtaking views, privacy, walks on the beach. this 5 bedroom 2 bath home has captivating views of the northumberland strait with approximately 700 feet of water frontage. this bright open concept home was built with several windows to take full advantage of the beauty all around. enjoy watching fishing boats heading out for their catch. a perfect summer getaway or potential for all season home. with over 8 acres and views of a lighthouse. this property has great potential for bed and breakfast and much more. ask listing agents for more information on this fabulous property. near charlottetown, murray river, murray harbour, georgetown, point pleasant, high bank, white sands, prince edward island (pei) canada. located east of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, east from kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. royalty free music provided by apple itunes. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
deer, bear, birds and other critters just some of the critters we saw june 25, this is british columbia.  and for more bluebird:   high country mountain lake video wild flowers bear black bird blue chipmunk marmot lakes biking trails squirrels whitetail mule tail deer ranching cabins logan lake wilderness resort videos cabins lodges camping rv's kelowna merritt nicola british columbia fly fishing guides trips boating boat rentals hiking moose elk bobcat cougar nature camp wildlife photography fly fishing vacation jcvdude productions gorving canada tenting winfield country birding campgrounds yt:crop=16:9 localsknow
(sold) 674 tory rd foxley river cottage house 24ac waterfront land for sale prince edward island reduced $89,000 (5/21/13).  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, raw land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, bed & breakfast, rental cottages, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance   this is 674 tory road, foxley river, prince edward island canada.  located near murray road, lot 11, freeland, poplar grove, woodbrook, inverness, portage, conway, conway narrows, roxbury, and carleton. located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and west of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
keewaydin temagami section one 2012 hudson bay trip wilderness canoe trips for girls ages 10-18 with keewaydin camp on lake temagami in ontario canada. these fun, empowering and safe excursions build outdoor skills while fostering strength, leadership, self reliance and confidence. section one 2012a keewaydin temagami wilderness canoe girls summer camp friendship skills leadership independence strength team canoeing trips outdoor camping swimming paddling fishing water river holiday fun boats
camp kitchen @ telliersfishermanscove.com @ osprey lake bc panorama of the kamp kitchen facilities & surroundings @ tellier's fisherman's cove @ osprey lake bc. just bring cooler of food, fishing gear & sleeping bag, we'll provide the rest.visit telliersfishermanscove.com for more info. you'll be glad you did. telliersfihermanscove nature fishing oprey lake bc tellier fishermans cove
lake penage 06 camping lake penage ontario canada 2006   lake penage camping ontario canada sudbury ontario fishing traveling quality time outdoor adventure
prince edward island real estate: the ultimate oceanfront beach house!  better then cavendish beach. $369,000.  bargain priced! please subscribe, like, share, embed, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quadcopter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: 343 pickering road, seaview (sea view), prince edward island, canada the ultimate oceanfront beach house for a bargain basement price on one of the best private and secluded beaches in pei if not the atlantic coast. ideally located in the very prime north shore location of seaview, centrally located between charlottetown, summerside, the confederation bridge, and all the best golf courses, restaurants, and entertainment. ocean views from every extra large window and both floors. only a few steps away to your own personal escape and paradise. endless renovations make this cozy beach home a delight from every angle, inside and out.  see mls for more... located near seaview (sea view), park corner, french river, irishtown, spring valley, darnley, burlington, baltic, margate, kensington, grahams road, clinton, london, malpeque, indian river, hamilton, clermont, & new london bay. located west of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera. this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13068379. video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment real estate seaview
gros achigan fleuve st-laurent   photo 176
my ontario-the dream catcher express temagami.mp4 in partnership with local hospitality operators, the dream catcher express will offer passengers a variety of unique experiences including the romance of rail travel, vibrant fall colours and a sampling of aboriginal culture.  "the dream catcher express offers visitors and residents the perfect opportunity to take in the scenic fall colours of the area while at the same time, enjoying a great train ride," commented paul goulet, president and ceo of ontario northland.  "we have received overwhelmingly positive feedback from passengers who have travelled on the dream catcher express since it was introduced in 2005 and we are very proud to once again partner with local tourism stakeholders to promote rail travel and the region."  the dream catcher express will leave ontario northland's north bay station at 9:30 a.m. each morning, for a captivating 100 km journey northward to temagami.  passengers will have an opportunity to delight in the explosion of red, orange and yellow covering the forest from the large viewing windows and in the comfort of spacious passenger cars.  the dream catcher express also features live entertainment by relik, a quartet performing music of the 50's, 60's and 70's, and a licensed snack coach.  once in temagami, passengers will have an opportunity to enjoy a variety of lunch options, and either tour the area on their own, or take advantage of a number of fascinating activities, including:      * learning through a story teller about the aboriginal culture, while enjoying a traditional aboriginal lunch;     * cruising beautiful lake temagami on a houseboat;     * walking or hiking through the old growth white bear forest;     * enjoying a scenic bush plane flight over the temagami region;     * touring the historic temagami station; and     * visiting caribou mountain and the fire tower for an unbelievable panoramic view of the area. trains tourism ontario adventure fishing hunting boating canoe-trip camping camps lodges
st. chrysostome prince edward island pei canada building lot for sale west of summerside evangeline please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: when i first drove up to this divine property i was intrigued by its unique location, and the fact that it had so many mature trees -- a rare find in pei. also the fact that it is a prestigious corner lot that faces a year round primary road on one side, and a clay road on the other. the best part; a short walk down the road is a fabulous beach, and miles of sand to explore in either direction in almost complete privacy and seclusion. the lot also sits on a hill which grants the new owner some amazing 360 degree panoramic views of the ocean, beaches, and the surrounding rolling hills. this extra large lot or acreage could be completely customized for your new dream home with a view. all for a very low price. located near evangeline region, maximeville, cap-egmont, abram village, urbainville, wellington, st. raphael, mont carmel, richmond, egmont bay, union corner, union corner provincial park, and st. nicholas. located west of charlottetown, the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13067869. video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment
whiteshell. pine point rapids. manitoba. whiteshell provincial park. history. beautiful. near petroforms. manitoba provincial park. pine point rapids whiteshell petroforms manitoba nature outdoors hiking camping fishing wild edibles wilderness beauty education awareness
sllp '07 day 3 young community leaders will travel 1,400 km by raft, canoe and on foot down the fraser river.   the rivershed society of bc (rsbc) hosts the sustainable living leadership program (sllp), an exciting three-week outdoor education program.    the rsbc offers $9,000 scholarships to successful applicants covering the majority of the $10,000 trip. participants must be 19 years of age or older and physically fit. the application deadline is may 29th.    for more information or to apply visit  fraser river rafting canoeing education sustainability salmon deep ecology voluntary simplicity leadership bc canada environment stewardship fishing first nations bioregionalism ecofootprint community climate change politics democracy youth
1000 islands 360_aerial of rock island lighthouse sunset rock island lighthouse is located in the thousand islands about 4.5 miles northeast of clayton, jefferson county, new york, off of fisher's landing. originally commissioned in 1847, it is one of six lights put up along the st. lawrence river to guide traffic to and from lake ontario through the waterway. the rock island station is the best preserved, as all of its structures still survive. it was refitted in 1855, rebuilt in 1882, and moved in 1903. the light was closed in 1955 after more a century of service.  in june 2013, the island and all its buildings were  reopened to the public as a park maintained by the new york state office of parks, recreation & historic preservation.  the island is accessible by private boat and local shuttle service, and the grounds are open for touring and picnicking.  questions? riverjeffry@gmail.com jeffweldon.com 1000 islands rock island lighthouse lighthouse thousand islands boating tourism vacation boat clayton new york canada river 360 sunset fishing fisherman photooftheday
bc 2015.2 skeena decent drone video to follow in a few days.  this was more just fun clips with mr blue. spey steelhead fishing west yellowstone fly shop justin spence chad smith skeena river british columbia flyfishing steelhead bc swinging for steelhead matt malko jake hashegan jason sutton chris strohmeyer
land & sea: the tragic loss of the myers iii - full episode bill kelly of land & sea looks back on the tragic loss of the fishing vessel the myer's three.    subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador cbcnl land & sea land and sea myers three accident fishing bartlett's harbour codroy
1974 hillmer lake, northern ontario, canada northern ontario - hillmer lake - 1974 ontario fishing walleye hillmer lake flying float plane
rivire mtabetchouane 2015 build--dji f450 frame  -dji e300 motor & esc -amr 3300 4s lipo battery -3dr pixhawk controler -3dr 915mhz telemetry tx- android rx- -3dr ublox neo 6 gps -hk  ublox neo 6 gps -tarot 2t gimbal -gopro3 white -immersionrc 600mw transeiver -immersionrc spironet antennas -3dr 7" fpv monitor with 5.8 ghz diversity receiver -spektrum dx8 rx -spektrum ar610   --video editing -photoshop cc fishing video drone photography drone video hunting drone arial photography drone for tracing trail routes locating lake with drone
fast forwarded life at loon lake! some of our daily activities at loon lake b.c. from ice skating, ice fishing, getting firewood to just messing around. having some fun in the great backyard where we were born! please comment! any suggestions are also appreciated! hope you enjoyed it! nic john loon lake fast forward loon lake loon lake b.c. loon lake loon lake b.c. loon lake bc loon lake bc time lapse still image photography still image photography fire wood ice skating photography (invention) fishing water skiing travel ice fishing frozen lake clinton b.c. loon lake resort white moose resort cache creek b.c. evergreen fishing resort marigoldresort cabin chasm bc ashcroft ashcroft b.c. rolling sky lightning
yellowknife nwt canada. april 19,2013 driving around yellowknife @ +8c today, such a beautiful day and it`s already warming up, snow almost gone and great slave lake beginning to melt, driving from old`s town boat launch to tim horton. canada (country) yellowknife yellowknife nwt canada yellowknife nwt snow winter extream winter extream temperature cold winter snow winter canada edmonton calgary quebec montreal artic cold snow mobile winter vacation ice fishing pike big mouth bass bass small mouth bass river biggest river ice (ingredient) fishing gopro go pro hd2 go pro hd goprohd2 go pro hd3 sexy northwest territories (canadian territory)
let's go outdoors: tv show - episode 2 welcome to let's go outdoors! this half-hour television series looks at people, places, adventures, animals and issues in alberta's great outdoors. this show originally aired february 26, 2012.    this week: diving on a wwii wreck in a mountain lake in jasper national park; a teen duck calling champion; bull trout study; ice fishing safety tips; culverts and water quality; kids digging for dinosaurs in dinosaur provincial park. michael short let's go outdoors outdoors alberta ice fishing water quality wwii diving mountain lake jasper national park dinosaur provincial park hunting animals trout fishing bull trout devon energy. fish
extreme snowfall calls for extreme snow removal it's february 9th 2017 in beautiful pemberton, bc and we have been absolutely slammed by a winter snow storm.  we have received roughly 3' of fresh powder snow in the past 24 hrs.  although the storm has plugged up driveways and streets, children still made it to school and local businesses are still business as usual.  in the video i show a d6 bulldozer clearing my driveway in pemberton bc, along with a few shots of town throughout the day.  enjoy the video, feel free to share and book an ice fishing trip with the pemberton fish finder.   snow winter storm warning snow storm pemberton bc big bulldozer big cat snow removal extreme snowing extreme snow removal snow plowing snow plow snowing fresh powder snow heavy snowfall ice fishing
puvirnituq snow festival preview - adventures north features a visit to the village of puvirnituq on the hudson bay coast in arctic quebec's nunavik region.  we're here for the snow festival, a celebration of inuit culture with activities like snow and ice sculpting, traditional skills competitions, igloo building, marathon races, dog sled racing, ice chipping, music performances, a taste of country food and inuit camaraderie.  we'll drop in on the start of this year's inuit extreme endurance dog sled race the 'ivaakak'.  then inuit guides take us dogsledding, ice fishing for cod, diving under 6 foot thick seaice, plus camping and sleeping in igloos!  it's the quintessential nunavik winter experience.  excerpt from "adventures north tv" episode.  to see more original fishing wildlife and adventure videos:  youtube.com/stevemacinnis nunavik quebec nunavik tourism tourisme quebec puvirnituq hudson bay snow festival inuit winter adventure igloo ice fishing dog sled racing ivakkak snow sculpture ice sculpture adventures north adventures north tv steve macinnis tourism (industry) preview canada adventures north productions
luxury log cabin lake vermilion, tower minnesota luxury log cabin, wifi, cable,lake views, ice fishing, snow trails off driveway.  property description great care was made in the design and architectural details of this new home. large windows over looking the lake, heated floors throughout, and a modern kitchen makes this large but cozy home a great vacation home. 3 bedrooms, and 3 1/2 bathrooms plus a full bar adds to a great stay. the loft has a full private bathroom and a king sized bed with a comfy window seat chair. the master, on the main level, has a full bath and a king bed that over looks the lake. sliding doors open out to a large deck. the kitchen, eating area,and living room is the grand room with huge cathedral ceilings. a powder room and laundry area competes the main level.  the walk out basement has a full sized bar, 1 bedrooms with queen bed, a full bathroom and second living room with 2 comfy chairs that fold out into twin beds. there are plenty of group and private spaces through out the 3,000 foot cabin. a 55" flat screen tv in the grand room plus 2 other 43" flat tvs come with wifi internet. all tvs are hooked up with roku internet television. we also offer phone service for those who don't have at&t or verizon cell phones. a printer and fax is available for use. i know how important beds are. we have top on the line mattresses, hand made bed frames, top quality sheets, duvets with warm comforters, and plenty of thick towels. you will find a fully functional kitchen with brand new stainless appliances, great cookware, plenty of dishes, spices and even a 25 cup coffee maker. the bar is equipped with glasses, refrigerator, a sink and a tv for watching sports. there is also a dvd player with a huge collection of movies. games and cards provided for the younger and older alike. the snow mobile trail goes from the cabin to the lake and miles of groomed trails can be entered at the end of the drive way. this place is always plowed and easy to find just. 31/2 miles from highway 169, off of 77 , 2nd driveway on bay view drive. log cabin tower minnesota lake vermillion ice fishing snowmobiling
things to do in barrie during the winter - family attractions and barrie events things to do in barrie, ontario during the winter - family activities, barrie attractions and events.  what to do in barrie.    the mark faris team   0:35 winter in barrie, ontario 0:42 skiing and tubing downhill 1:00 tree lighting ceremony 1:09 santa claus parade 1:24 new years eve in barrie 1:50 polar bear swim in kempenfelt bay 2:16 winterfest 2:30 ice sculptures  2:38 ice maze  hello, i'm mark faris with the mark faris team at royal lepage. come and celebrate winter with us and enjoy all that barrie and the surrounding area has to offer. our community enjoys skiing and snowboarding on several nearby ski hills. ice fishing, snowmobiling, snowshoeing, skating and more. join us for winterfest and festival of ice.  or take a stroll on the beautiful shores of lake simcoe.  located approximately forty five minutes north of toronto with all the amenities you desire, this is a great place to call home.   what to do in barrie during the spring time    barrie ontario city events winter in barrie the mark faris team things to do in barrie city of barrie winterfest festival of ice ice fishing tree lighting ceremony santa claus parade new polar bear swim barrie ontario what to do in barrie new year's eve barrie events barrie attractions
elmhirst's resort on rice lake have a true canadian winter experience at elmhirst's resort. snowshoeing, sleigh rides, ice fishing, snowkiting, skating, ski plane rides... the list goes on!  book your next adventure now:  rice lake ontario resort family kawarthas fly-in floatplane skiplane snowkiting snowshoeing sleigh ride ice fishing
let's go outdoors: season 2 - episode 11 this week on let's go outdoors: pheasant hunting in taber; the river watch program in edmonton; a new trout pond in calgary; winter survival (part 2); shell true north forest; ice augers; medicine river wildlife centre. this half-hour tv series is part of the lgo programming line up. the 13 week series runs on ctv two in alberta, canada, on sunday evenings at 6 pm mountain time and on discovery world at 6 pm eastern time. visit our website at  for more information. michael short let's go outdoors outdoors elma mehmedbebovic mary hulbert brad fenson alberta devon energy dow royal alberta museum alberta tourism alberta parks cabela's taber pheasant festival pheasant hunting hunting rainbow trout alberta river watch porcupine eagle hawk pelican wood rats medicine river wildlife centre clay pigeons fishing ice fishing winter survival survival survivor
ogopogo resort summer 2016 video ogopogo resort on mountain lake, near minden and haliburton ontario, is an all season cottage resort.  the cottages feature fully equipped kitchens, gas fireplaces, stainless steel bbq's and some of the cottages have double jacuzzi tubs. in the summer enjoy the included use of sup boards, pedal boats, canoes, kayaks, bonfire pit, outdoor heated pool, sand beach,  jumping lake trampoline  and floating docks. in the winter enjoy 10.5 kms of cross country ski trails nearby, snowshoeing, small toboggan hill, ice skating on the lake, ice fishing and so many close by winter activities.   life is better at ogopogo resort canoes paddle boards sup cottage resort cottage resort lake kayak fire pit pool fireplace jacuzzi ice skating ice fishing ogopogo icefishingminden ontario cottage rental minden cottage rental icefishing ontario icefishing minden lifeisbetteratogopogoresort haliburton cottage rental icefishingmountainlake
sun peaks in 360 brought the samsung gear 360 snowboarding and ice fishing at sun peaks in british columbia. such a fun experience! watch several times in order to see all the different point of views :)   music by: vibe tracks - "invisible"   filmed by:   filmed with: samsung gear 360 (         major shout out to: samsung canada ( hotels.com ( sun peaks resort ( boll eyewear ( sun peaks sun peaks resort snowboarding ice fishing snowboard samsung gear 360 360 video hotels.com british columbia adventure sports outdoors extreme sports travel tourism
experience wawa ontario  wawa ontario (canadian province) fishing hunting atv ice fishing waterfalls scenic drive snowmobile motorcycle
central alberta welcome to central alberta! strategically located at the centre of it all and surrounded by beauty. we are a focal point in the high energy province of alberta, taking our place on the global stage. we are at the centre of it all, with access to both edmonton and calgary international airports and a transportation infrastructure capable of 24 hour access to the canadian and us pacific northwest. home to over 50 small rural centres and growing urban centres, central alberta is the natural choice to locate or invest. caep central alberta economic development western canada global rural urban caepltd strategic location edmonton calgary alberta red deer canada international airports invest investment energy rocky mountains banff canadian badlands prairies oil sands calgary stampede skiing niagara falls vancouver olympics west edmonton mall tourism travel alberta golf golfing boating beach sylvan lake skating ice fishing fishing
atv trip on the ice a drive on the ice of perrault lake while still good enough for travel.  last day of ice fishing for us this year! ice fishing atv ice road
wheelers point resort, winter: produced by  wheelers point resort, baudette, mn, lake of the woods, ice fishing wheelers point resort lake of the woods baudette mn ice fishing
filmmakers need to stretch their filmmaking muscles first vlog this is my first vlog, i hope to have more coming soon, welcome to beautiful british columbia and the amazing valhallas of the slocan lake. valhallas isaac vlog new denver kootenays slocan lake ice fishing wolves cold freezing slocan silverton sun west kootenays adventure wolf call snow sleading quading boys will be boys
winters past fort coulonge quebec 2011-2012 walking along the grande marais road with my dog shadow, ice bridge to calumet island, ice fishing on the bay and just sending this to everyone playing "snowbird" by heading for florida !! ha ha!  wonder what we will be getting this winter ??  :) (have a little heart, folks,...it's gonna rain tomorrow !!  yeahhh!!  ha ha!!  :) quebec canada fort coulonge john cullen cullentoons crowquiller ice fishing ice bridge grande marais road grande marais bay grande marais shadow
denbigh 1967 centennial celebrations by bill scott this early 8mm film was discovered in the basement of the denbigh community hall around 2001 during some 'spring cleaning'. it was digitized and used as a fund raiser for the addington highlands public libraries.  the video was filmed by mr. bill scott (now deceased) - owner of scott's shopping centre at the base of eagle hill (ashby lake road).  bill had the foresight to video record many community activities during the 1967 centennial year in denbigh.  the entire film is 31 minutes long and starts with the new year's eve dance followed by the ski-doo races on denbigh lake displayed above with the dance afterwards.    other activities in the full version include track & field, parades, fishing derby, winter carnival, maple syrup festival and old home week.    a 3 minute sampler of this film is on the cdhs flickr page:     check out this page for copyright free historical images of local history. denbigh addington highlands 1967 centennial celebrations bill scott snowmobiling vintage historical history ski-doo race ski-doo ice fishing derby ice fishing parade maple syrup festival winter carnival lennox & addington home movie 8mm movie
15 pieds - ours noir  ric pelletier printemps 2014 / 15 ft from a black bear spring 2014 voici la vido de chasse  lours noir  ric pelletier. cette belle aventure de chasse ces drouler au printemps 2014 sois le 3 juin. cette chasse fut ralise dans la rgion de saint-quentin au nouveau-brunswick. guid et film par marcel ct, ric fut combl du droulement de a chasse surtout quil navait aucune attente en tant que grosseur dours noir quil voulait rcolte pour son premier! belle chasse ric !   here is the video of a black bear hunt made by eric pelletier. this beautiful hunting adventure be held in spring 2014 on june 3. this hunt was carried out in the region of saint-quentin, new brunswick. guided and filmed by marcel ct, eric was filled the conduct of this particular hunt. he had no expectation of the size of the black bears harvested for his first black bear hunt!   beautiful hunt eric  -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- please watch: "chasse  l'orignal - moose hunting - o'brien's moose adventure 2016"   -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- chasse orignal chasse et peche nb chevreuil saint-quentin nouveau-brunswick ours noir black bear salmon saumon perdrix pche blanche ice fishing marcel ct aventure de belle randonne fishing bear (animal) american black bear (animal) animal (film genre) big restigouche county new brunswick (administrative division) ric pelletier trout truite 15 ft 15 pieds close proche first premier bear hunting dog bear dog bear hunting season hunting black bear
motoneiges antiques  ste-anne-de-la-prade, vintage sled on iced river, pierre beaurivage randonne de vieilles motoneiges sur la rivire ste-anne de ste-anne-de-la-prade tenu le 26 janvier 2013. qubec, canada. vintage sled on iced ste-anne river of ste-anne-de-la-prade, held on 2013 january 26. quebec, canada. pierre beaurivage. sainte-anne-de-la-prade (city/town/village) snowmobile (invention) snow ice fishing vintage sled vintage car (automotive class) snow winter winter sport fishing cold day vintage
bay of quinte: possible snowmobiler through ice ameliasburg, on -  rescue teams searched day and night for a supposed snowmobile driver who witnesses say went through the ice of the bay of quinte on the evening of february 13, 2010. authorities called off the search when they failed to find any clues regarding the reported incident; nor did they receive any reports of a missing snowmobiler. bay of quinte man through ice prince edward county jennifer lester ameliasburg ice fishing snowmobile snow machine skating lake ontario county news
a winter walk at big bar a couple go for a winter walk at big bar lake in the beautiful british columbia cariboo. winter walk big bar ice fishing
my boat june 9th 2013 1st time at lock 22  brushless rio ep rio ep aquacraft turnigy 2600kv motor seaking 120a esc zippy 3s1p lipo 5000mah 45c fast rc boating
northumberland condos downtown charlottetown prince edward island real estate canada pei intro. please subscribe, like, share, embed, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and high resolution photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: the northumberland condos -- introduction. the northumberland offers a perfect blend of practicality and style previously unseen in charlottetown`s downtown. size, price and central location, combined with heritage-inspired stone exterior, create a truly unique residential landmark. elegant, luxurious and tasteful, the northumberland lives up to you and the life you aspire to. if making a strong yet subtle statement is your style, this is your new home. top quality construction with air conditioning, storage units, 2 elevators, security entrance, fitness facilities, access to guest suite and more. condo fees include heat. large 2 bedroom unit with separate office, utility room. kitchen is at heart of unit for great entertaining. 240 sq. ft. terrace at end of building. located near charlottetown, cornwall, hampshire, rocky point, stratford, milton, marshfield, winsloe, north winsloe, dunedin, clyde river, new haven, hillsborough river, hyde point, kingston, churchill, west river, cumberland, and fairview. located in charlottetown, and east of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association mls id # 13068630/2/3. my youtube channel is at   this video youtube link:   intro:   unit 301:  unit 307:  unit 407:  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
bear watching and photography in canada bear watching on wabatongushi lake ontario canada from a wooden fishing boat near our wilderness vacation and fishing resort bear viewing photography canada ontario wildlife wild animals wilderness vacation fishing resort lodge
birch hill waterfront for sale 39.5 acres treed oceanfront prince edward island canada beach pei  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is 39.5 acres of waterfront acres located in birch hill.  located near grand river, port hill, belmont, central lot, 16, lot 16, bayside, macdougal, sherbrooke, miscouche, tyne valley, wellington (western pei). located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and west of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
school of minnows here is a school of minnows mostly from bass, sunfish and trout in lake round, sainte adele, quebec minnows school of minnows sainte adele quebec lac round school of fish bass fish sunfish trout canada fishing
spey fishing and big animals i was introduced to spey fishing in british columbia, by walter faetz owner of spey / boundary lodge. big animals and great fishing was an added treat. fly fishing spey british columbia bears steelhead entertainment news short film
my ontario-ontario northland-dream catcher express.mov   ontario travel - trains on ontario northland railroad - the dream catcher express to temagami ontario canada is a captivating train excursion which allows you to enjoy brilliant fall colours through large viewing windows in the comfort of your passenger car. it also features a dome car for a more spectacular panoramic viewing from the comfort of your seat, professional entertainment for your enjoyment and a licensed snack coach.  while in temagami, a number of unique experiences are available such as experiencing local culture, a guided tour of the heritage train station, and the opportunity to take in the captivating scenery from the caribou mountain lookout.  experience temagami ontario canada  for many, angling is an essential part of the temagami experience, either trying for the big one, catching supper, or just catch and release for sport.  temagami offers many varieties of fish, including lake trout, pickerel, small-mouth bass, pike, and whitefish.  some area lakes even support rainbow or speckle trout angling.    for the more adventurous campers who want to leave civilization behind, the temagami region contains over 8,000 square kilometres of interconnecting canoe routes.  hundreds of rock and pine clad lakes, adjoining wetlands, and wild rivers provide breathtaking scenery and a wide diversity of wildlife.  the unique and varied features of the temagami area have been recognized in the establishment of several waterway and wilderness provincial parks, and continues to be a favourite area for canoe tripping.  the area's famous old growth pine stands can be enjoyed during your vacation in the wilderness. train trips temagami ontario canada wilderness fishing canoe trip camping parks rail scenic rail travel trains ontario travel
miracle agent: finding the best prince edward island real estate agent and not wasting time & money please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek, crs, abr, epro, recs is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance    description: the miracle real estate agent.  does he or she exist?  how to find the best prince edward island real estate agent.  when listing your property you want the best pei real estate agent you can find. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:  michael poczynek has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada. michael is also a developer and has an extensive background in information technology. michael is extremely entrepreneurial in nature and always on the lookout for investment and business opportunities relating to or not relating to real estate. michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.  prince county      abrams village     alberton     bedeque     borden-carleton     central bedeque     central lot 16     ellerslie-bideford     greenmount-montrose     kensington     kinkora     lady slipper     linkletter     lot 11     malpeque bay     mill river     miminegash         miscouche     mont carmel     nail pond     north cape     northport     o'leary     richmond     st. felix     st. louis     st-nicholas     summerside      tignish     tyne valley     wellington  queens county      afton     argyle shore     belfast     bonshaw     brackley beach     breadalbane     canoe cove     charlottetown     clyde river     cornwall     covehead     crapaud     darlington     ebenezer     french river     grand tracadie     hampshire     hazelbrook     hunter river     kingston         meadow bank     miltonvale     mount stewart     new glasgow     new london     new haven-riverdale     north rustico     north shore     north wiltshire     pleasant grove     stanhope     stratford     victoria     warren grove     west river     winsloe south     york  kings county      annandale     brudenell     cardigan     central kings     eastern kings     fortune     georgetown     howe bay     lakeside     little pond     lorne valley     lower montague         montague     morell     murray harbour     murray river     orwell     point prim     souris     souris west     st. peters     union road     valleyfield prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
earth minute squanga lake yukon  pike 1 squanga lake, yukon, canada has some of the most idyllic scenery. glassy lake conditions at night are beautiful.  northern pike here are often in the reeds!!   look for the bald eagle landing in a tree at the end of the video! squanga is a first nations word for the whitefish that swim on the muddy bottom. canada yukon squanga lake birding bird watching eclipse-1 media keri dearborn michael lawshe the earth minute theearthminute.com travel sunset pike fishing
father's day tribute to the wild men in my family my dad, my mom's dad (pop), and a few uncles hunting and fishing in newfoundland. most of this was shot by uncle pat in super 8mm. remember: smoking kills. newfoundland 8mm father's day hunting fishing
pourvoirie domaine les 4 vents, baskatong, gopro vido hd la pourvoirie "  domaine les 4 vents "  baskatong,  (english version will follow)   nos vacances  la pourvoirie " domaine les 4 vents " situ sur le rservoir baskatong.    juillet 2015 & 2016 endroit ressourant et tranquille o pratiquer la pche, vtt, vlo, baignade et bien dautres.  bon visionnement   - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   our summer vacation at the " domaine les 4 vents " outfitter located at baskatong reservoir.     july 2015 & 2016 quiet place to get fresh ideas where to go fishing, vtt & mountain bike riding & much more.  good viewing   ____________________________________________________________________  musique / music: gee - mc pathbreaking theme _ royalty free music    site web / website:     commentaire complets sur / complete review on tripadvisor 2016   pouuvoirie domaine les 4 vents baskatong pche fishing dor walley outfither rservoir rivire gatineau chalet camp plage beach bateau boat
hooked up charters & tours , kaslo b.c. come join hooked up charters & tours on koontenay lake, kaslo b.c., explore, cruise & fish  charter fishing fishing british columbia kootenay lake bc kaslo b.c. explore kootenay lake
let's go outdoors tv show: episode 7 welcome to let's go outdoors! this half-hour television series is the part of the lgo programming line up. the 13 week series runs on ctv two in alberta sunday evenings at 6:30 pm. visit our website at  for more information. trumpeter swans grande prairie snow machine snowmobile sledding fish fishing hunting hunters wildlife animals photography wildlife photography natural resource extraction
crest hotel prince rupert, suites & hotel video tour     prince rupert's crest hotel offers an incredible view from its location on a rock bluff overlooking the inner harbour. from the comfort of your guest room, charley's lounge, or the waterfront restaurant, experience the breath-taking backdrop of the ocean and northern coastal mountains. family-owned and operated for over 50 years, come enjoy our warm hospitality.    spectacular views surround both the restaurant and lounge - each offer exceptional dining experiences. savour our award-winning menu, featuring popular westcoast favourites and seafood - fresh out of local waters! watch in awe as eagles and ravens rule the sky of our coastal paradise. you'll soon realize why the vancouver sun rated 'dining with the eagles' at the crest hotel in the top 100 things to do before you die!     your comfort is paramount! our popular crest class rooms include king or queen-sized pillow-top beds, cozy window seats, aveda products and more. in addition to a view of the harbour, we offer city and mountain view rooms with similar amenities.    the crest suites are divine! each treat suite offers spectacular views of the harbour and all feature jetted-tubs for two. the executive suite, comprised of separate sleeping and living areas, has a stunning corner view of the ocean and distant mountains. the fireside suite is one of a kind with it's custom etched glass wall, french door-flanked bed room and views of tuck inlet. treat yourself to a suite at the crest hotel!    the fourth-floor crest signature suites feature luxurious options, ideal for extended stays or short getaways. each signature suite boasts a private balcony with a view, an executive granite kitchen with stove top and appliances a pillow-top king sized bed and an italian marble bathroom with a soaker tub.    the lobby gift shop highlights the talent of many local first nations carvers with jewelry, argillite (ar-ja-light) and wooden masks on display. each handcrafted piece is unique -- a great memento of your north coast visit.    a variety of meeting and banquet spaces are available at the crest hotel, for group functions. our team of professionals at the crest will tend to your every need.    just footsteps from the hotel, explore the harbour-side shops in cow bay, or take a fishing charter and catch your own crab, salmon or halibut. back at the crest, bask in our outdoor hot tub overlooking the marvellous view. for an authentic, west coast experience, look no further than prince rupert!    at the crest hotel, we strive to make your stay as sublime as your surroundings! call us today to experience northern british columbia's only 4 star hotel -- you'll get the best at the crest!     crest hotel travel prince rupert bc british columbia canada alaska cruise ship coast fishing sightseeing native culture railway aclara promotions spice creative video steve smith tourism adventure nature destination vancouver
sportsmans lodge sportsmans lodge sportsman's lodge and trophy outposts box 341 red lake, ontario, canada p0v 2m0  phone: 807-727-2581 during the summer 807-727-2585 & 1-800-465-1097 during the winter sportsman lodge trophy pike northern walleye fishing wisconsin tv
using lindy rigs this is a demonstration on how to use lindy rigs, by jeff "cubby" skelly a professional fishing guide with mn fishing pros guide service. video from lakewood lodge on sand lake near deer river minnesota.  lindy rigs how to use a lindy rig how to fish fishing lakewood lodge catching fish fish fishing video fishing techniques
across the ice of lake erie join my trek across frozen lake erie from the us to canada.  do not try this.....the scenes depicted in this video are for entertainment purposes only! london winter snowshoe hiking united states cleveland outdoors snow fishing walleye activities recreation swimming antarctic ohio michigan new york huron superior ontario put in bay boating islands winery wine kelly's island
sooke region tourism wild by nature commercial 2011 come see why sooke, bc is "wild by nature". just a short 45 minute drive from victoria, bc on vancouver island. sooke bc official tourism video commercial lifestyle outdoor british columbia vancouver island pacific coast rainforest sea mountains port renfrew eco activities things adventure beach fishing nature travel canada destination events toronto montreal museum landmark culture holiday tourist ocean spot
my trip to yellowknife - part 1 went to yellowknife, nwt in canada to visit my family for a week. i had a great time and took many pictures. enjoy!! yellowknife north west territories canada bald eagle black bear wildcat cafe bullocks bistro fishing flying islands
(sold) prince edward island real estate waterfront ocean beach house for sale sunset dunes pei crea reduced to $449,000. sold! subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and resource.  receive pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by  owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&b's, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. 234 campbells way, cape traverse, pe, ca. this ocean front home is filled with happy family memories. built on a prime lot in the exclusive sunset dunes development,  this home has sophisticated curb appeal. constructed by an artisan craftsman, this six bedroom home has custom detailing like high baseboards, custom window trim and a custom fireplace mantle and has many features: open concept living with large windows, a spacious kitchen with ample storage space, large bedrooms with spacious closets as well as a functional and spacious laundry room, asphalt driveway and double garage, cedar boardwalk and platform to put deckchairs on, ultra-violet water filtration system and many other features that need to be seen. enjoy calm sunny mornings on your front veranda and fabulous views of the confederation bridge in the distance as well as stunning sunsets from your spacious composite deck. only steps away from the calm waters of the northumberland strait, you will enjoy countless moments of outdoor bliss. located near cape traverse, new brunswick, nova scotia, atlantic ocean, northumberland straight, confederation bridge, borden carleton, augustine cove, and bells point. located south of cavendish, west of charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. royalty free music provided by: "aurea carmina" kevin macleod (incompetech.com)  licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0   realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13070462. video youtube link:  michael's custom home for sale url:  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
bank foreclosure summerside real estate for sale house 166 harvard street prince edward island pei reduced to $49,900. (10/10/13). reduced to $54,000. (7/5/13). reduced $55,000 (5/17/13). please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek, crs, abr, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance    mls description: bank foreclosure deal! nice 3 bedroom home with many improvements including some electrical, and an almost new fiberglass oil tank. large fenced yard with shed. full height basement. main floor bedroom with closet. large paved driveway. good downtown location and excellent value for the money. lockbox onsite for easy showings. directions: between granville street & water street east on harvard close to granville. located near st. eleanors, wilmot valley, miscouche, linkletter, sherbrooke, lot 16, belmont, travellers rest. located west of charlottetown, north west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and in summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada. michael is also a developer and has an extensive background in information technology. michael is extremely entrepreneurial in nature and always on the lookout for investment and business opportunities relating to or not relating to real estate. michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. realtor.ca/mls.ca & peirea mls # 13065368. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land 166 harvard
sllp '07 day 4 young community leaders will travel 1,400 km by raft, canoe and on foot down the fraser river.   the rivershed society of bc (rsbc) hosts the sustainable living leadership program (sllp), an exciting three-week outdoor education program.    the rsbc offers $9,000 scholarships to successful applicants covering the majority of the $10,000 trip. participants must be 19 years of age or older and physically fit. the application deadline is may 29th.    for more information or to apply visit  fraser river rafting canoeing education sustainability salmon deep ecology voluntary simplicity leadership bc canada environment stewardship fishing first nations bioregionalism ecofootprint community climate change politics democracy youth
wollaston lake lodge - owner mike lembke interview with babe winkleman owner mike lembke explains  what wollaston lake lodge has to offer! fishing lodge pike babe winkleman saskatchewan wollaston
golden walleye classic 2016 - lesser slave lake subscribe:  instagram:  twitter:  facebook:  web:  address: 9024-100 st westlock ab t7p 2l4 phone: 866.337.4115 the 28th annual golden walleye classic took place at shaws point resort this labour day long weekend. the event was delayed one day, due to the rain and rough waves on lesser slave lake. but the weather was not impediment for our videographers to make a video.   dirt road traveler de audionautix is a creative commons attribution ( artista:  anglers fishing tournament shaws point lesser slave lake golden walleye classic 2016 alberta lake boating alumacraft evinrude
rice point prince edward island waterfront for sale aerial hd video gopro south of charlottetown pei please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: rice point dream waterfront acreage located in a prime neighbourhood not far from the province's capital charlottetown. ideal for large building lot or long term investment. mostly farmed, partially treed, and could be landscaped to your requirements.  excellent beach.  press on the multimedia button for a complete aerial skyview hd video youtube tour! located near nine mile creek, canoe cove, long creek, new dominion, fairview, rocky point, cumberland, hyde point, dunedin, st. catherines, bonshaw, argyle shore, meadow bank, bonshaw, desable, hillsborough bay, and charlottetown. located south of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13067692. video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment
temagami ontario canada flv   youtube temagami is the reality that fuels the popular perception of canada's great north land, with old growth pine forests; smooth blue waters; brilliantly white, powdery snow; and bountiful fish and wildlife.  temagami is steeped in history. some of the world's oldest rock has surfaced here, and has been scraped and smoothed by centuries of glaciation. artifacts and stone drawings dating as far back 6000 b.c. have been discovered here. grey owl, the mysterious naturalist who captured the world's imagination back in the 1930s, has become a part of the temagami landscape. over the centuries, people have been drawn to the area as if by a magnet. temagami is truly a place of mystical magic, an adventurer's mecca.  temagami has been a renowned centre for outdoor and wilderness recreation for over 100 years. ontario fishing boating hiking canoeing river kayaking water temagami yours to discover martin river ontario northland railway
steve phillips productions: "the road not taken", alaska/yukon documentary (episode six of eight) a stunning documentary filmed in alaska and the yukon territory.  join us on this journey of discovery, on "the road not taken". alaska-yukon documentary alaska. yukon territory kluane national park mount logan glaciers travel documentary haines junction canada bears bison greyling fishing
amazing waterfront fishing lodge on the vedder river (chilliwack river). salmon fishing! stunning riverfront lodge for groups right on the chiliwack river. near hiking, river rafting, kayaking, and sight-seeing. fishing available right from the property! 4 bedroom lodge plus 1 bedroom cabin can accommodate large groups. please contact jessica at chilliwackriverfront@yahoo.ca for details. vedder river (river) water fish outdoor sports tourism rafting kayaking fishing salmon sturgeon fraser river lodge riverfront waterfront
the sweepstakes shipwreck - tobermory ontario canada shipwreck of "the sweepstakes" in big tub harbour, tobermory ontario canada. filmed with a gopro hero hd camera in a flat lens housing by sartek.  history of the sweepstakes...  gopro tobermory canada ontario scuba diving shipwreck sweepstakes fishing scuba diving (sport) boat padi apeks bare aqualung beautiful amazing crazy 2013 2012 2011 justin eric hero2 hero1 hero3 water swim swimming (sport) plants rms titanic (ship) titanic awesome harbor harbour sartek hd big tub ocean ship water fish sand treasure history cold
angeln am geheimen see vom kajak ein versteckter see, der nur mit boot und fulufig durch den wilden kanadischen wald erreichbar ist was da wohl fr fische drin leben?   abonniert meinen youtube channel fr mehr angel videos :)   mehr informationen zum angeln und wohnen am crow lake: lodge:    angeln in ontario:           mehr ber babs: facebook:   instagram:   home:  babs kijewski stephan dombaj fishing canada ontario angeln fischen kanada wildnis wilderness adventure kajak kayak gumotex go fish in ontario spinnfischen spinfishing bass smallmouthbass hecht pike hidden lake lake crow lake
balsam cottage for sale 2 bedroom, 1 bath, balsam lake cottage for sale, only 90 min north of toronto.  asking price is $199000    view the webpage for photos and info:     balsam lake cottage lake kawarthas fishing boating camping summer weekends fun cabin
on the road - okanagan i feel very proud to be sharing through video this beautiful province i call home. this is peachland on okanagan lake. summerland videos british columbia vacation cheap travel packages bc tourism hellobc thompson okanagan lake valley flights to ogopogo tours fishing sailing skiing sailboarding beaches kiteboarding boat rentals house boats resorts penticton trans canada highway wine tour hiking mountain biking westjet sunwing jcvdude video productions kelowna media artist destinations vacation getaways canadian resorts tourismbc
[hd] ontario northland at cheminis mountain welcome to cheminis mountain, located right at the ontario/quebec border on onr's kirkland lake subdivision. this is the biggest grade on onr's system, requiring big power for short trains like this.    thanks for the horn salute!    enjoy! ontario northland freight train onr cheminis larder lake quebec mountain grade canada railfanning northern
sunset dunes prince edward island lot 14 cape traverse for sale view of confederation bridge pei new price $165,000 (10/1/13). please subscribe, like, & share.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance   this is a building lot located in the panderosa division in darnley prince edward island canada.  large fantastic year round waterfront lot in one of pei's best waterfront developments. over 1 mile of resident beach front accessible from this cleared level lot. enjoy serenity and natural beauty. located near confederation bridge, borden, augustine cove, bell point, amhurst point, tryon crapaud, victoria, borden-carleton, gateway village, and cape traverse.  located west of charlottetown, north west of the confederation bridge in borden, north from kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
manitoba pike on the fly rod 2010 not a great video as the fish did not like the camera but some good wildlife shotes    fly fishing guide winnipeg manitoba   manitoba canada winnipeg fly fishing pike
(sold) prince edward island major reduction! victoria acres/land for sale 6ac 993' waterfront. $19k sold (1/12/12)  reduced to $19,900 as of 10/5/11.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate and couldn't afford it, now is your chance.  this is waterfront/oceanfront acreage in victoria that was listed for $109,877., now on for $29,877.   this is not a misprint.  could this be the best deal of 2011?  located 30 minutes east of summerside, 45 minutes west of charlottetown, 10 minutes east of the confederation bridge in borden, 30 minutes from kensington. close to borden, hampton, middleton, and crapaud.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
demonstration forest offers insights into industry where better to learn forestry, oilpatch development and woodland safety than in a west country forest?  about 100 rocky mountain house and sylvan lake high school students spent a day at des crossley demonstration forest hearing firsthand about the industries' responsibilities and opportunities.  forestry and oilfield workers guided st. dominic catholic high and h.j. cody schools' grades 9 to 11 students on tuesday as they scaled large machines, calculated tree measurements and ran fire hoses.  for full story see:  red deer rocky mountain house sylvan lake sunpine forest products inside education devon canada h.j. cody school
backcountry canoeing taking my homemade canoe up to consolation lakes, just outside lake louise, canada. canoe portage backcountry mountain sof
entering the georgian bay (part 1 of 2) entering the georgian bay from the french river in high waters june 2016. video originally by greg j. from his wilderness experience at bear's den lodge. bear's den lodge french river georgian bay fishing adventure wilderness ontario travel
cottage lifemay 2016 just a little footage from an afternoon/evening spent at a cottage in the eastern townships, quebec.  make sure you subscribe & check out my blog!    where to find me on social media:           fishing cottage lake cottage life cottage living bonfire friends fun smores guitar
sauble beach vacation 2012 (hd) "sauble beach gang",  holiday week, fuji xp-20 underwater camera. videos and photos, july 2012. ontario canada, lake huron. billie's blog in hd. 28th yr. sauble beach mckee rouse goodwin wgm pacos studios 2012 vacation holiday fuji xp-20 ontario canada lake huron great lakes great lakes (body of water) cottage fun weekend summer sandy detzler dennis family party swimming swim hd underwater swimming (sport) blog billie amazing holidays summer fun fishing july diving camping beach girls bikini tourism beers sauble beach (city/town/village)
prince edward island canada real estate for sale waterfront west of summerside/charlottetown  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is bay breezes estates located in grand river pei down baker shore road. located near belmont, central lot, 16, lot 16, bayside, macdougal, sherbrooke, miscouche, tyne valley, wellington (western pei). located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and west of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac.  realtor.ca & pei mls # 12062221 12062224 12062223 12062222 prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
nine lakes, haliburton county, ontario, canada located in haliburton county, just 2 1/2 hours north of toronto, nine lakes is a pristine reserve of just under 7000 acres of forest, lakes and rivers. divided into nine parcels, each with its own lake, this rugged, unspoiled wilderness awaits your adventurous spirit. first explored by pioneer loggers pushing up from the ottawa valley in the early 1800s much of the haliburton area is now protected and preserved as a wildlife sanctuary.   a mix of coniferous trees, maple forests and spruce bogs, nine lakes is alive with white tail deer, black bear, beaver, wolves, moose and dazzling mix of bird species including indigo buntings, boreal chickadees, grey jays and spruce grouse. the rivers and lakes teem with trout, muskie, walleye and northern pike providing outstanding fishing.  nine lakes, whether its a corporate retreat in a private piece of canadian wilderness at its very best, a quiet long term family investment with that idyllic lakeside home youre always dreamed of, or as a whole parcel with significant development potential, the nine lakes adventure awaits your touch. canadian wilderness acreage lakes forest rivers unspoiled retreat private investment real estate fishing pelaw lake duck lake dog lake toronto wrench lake marsh lake spider lake redstone lake gut lake harburn lake little harburn lake wahoo lake ike's pond morrow lake pinestone inn ontario wilderness
lasagna with meat sauce - mountain house - backcountry meal review lasagna with meat sauce by mountain house rated 8 out of 10. cooked to perfection on a hobo stove.  please comment if you have tried this meal or make a suggestion of one you like better.  you may see your suggestion in our next video.  the setting for this review is long schooner lake inside beautiful north frontenac parklands, canada. please rate this video.  thanks!    freeze dried camp food meal review    econo challenge would like to thank the following viewers for their participation:            this video series gets better with your participation. freeze dried meal dehydrated ultra-light econo challenge camping hiking paddling fishing nature backpacking camp food review quick easy lasagna meat sauce outdoor cooking reviews recipes recipe econo challenge tips &amp; tricks outdoors lasagne (dish)
prince edward island real estate pei marketing update realtor agent june 2013 social media please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. pei real estate/prince edward island real estate marketing update for june, 2013. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada.   michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, and prince edward island real estate board (peirea) mls # 13067136.  video youtube link:   prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video
petawawa river - august 2013 whitewater canoe trip down the petawawa river in algonquin provincial park. lake travers to mcmanus lake. petawawa river (river) algonquin provincial park (protected site) canoe whitewater whitewater canoing camping interior camping rollaway rapids crooked chute the natch petawawa gorge fishing perch campfire canoeing (sport) ontario parks (location) wilderness camping hiking (sport) backpacking (sport) interior camping eddy turn ferry teamwork (composition)
scuba kahnawake 2011 scuba movie filmed with my new camera sony dsc-hx9v with an ikelite undewater case also a bonica dive led light g8v15 and a wide angle conversion dome wd-4.  this movie have been filmed at the beautiful kahnawake quarry near montreal qc canada in september 2011. i think that this setup performed amazingly! the only drawback that i found is the battery life compare to my old canon sd780-is.     note : the vigneting in the corners is only due because i did not place the wide angle len sun shield as it sould be, i fixed the problem at the end of the movie as you can see. scuba diving dive snorkling swim plonge plong apne carriere kanahwake underwater bass smallmouth bigmouth nothern pike achigan brochet cressi cressi-sub fish fishing scuba diving bass (fish) swimming pool dsc-hx9v hx9v sony ikelite 6115.09 wd-4 wd4 6430.4 bonica g8v15 wide angle native mohak relaxaxion total montreal chateauguay bingo cousteau aeris atmos ai uk eled sl4 l1
fishing boat dragged by an excavator in harbourville, ns a fishing boat is dragged off of the storm beach by an excavator in harbourville, nova scotia on april 2, 2010. there was some groaning, but the job was done. lobster fishing boat kelly ii launch heavy machinery kobelco excavator tractor rope storm beach harbourville nova scotia ns bay of fundy low tide
harbourville, nova scotia  july 31, 2009 a visit to the wharf in harbourville, nova scotia as the fishermen are unloading their lobster traps. harbourville nova scotia ns beach wharf harbour harbor weir lobster fishing boats fishermen fog community cottage sea gull bay of fundy
north lake harbour and beach, prince edward island some footage from the fishing harbor and beach at north lake, prince edward island. footage taken august 3rd, 2015.  billed "the tuna capital of the world".  deep-sea fishing charters and scenic cruises are offered on several boats out of north lake. north lake harbour and beach north lake north lake harbour prince edward island pei p.e.i. fishing tuna charters
grand beach, manitoba just a short glimpse into what i experienced while working out in grand beach in 2011. this hidden manitoba gem is a north american top 10 rated beach set within the community of grand marais,....just an hours drive north of winnipeg, manitoba. 4 km of white silica sand beaches, endless sand dunes, camping, cottage rentals, dining, dancing, and everything under the sun...literally. if you've never been, it's an experience you won't soon forget. believe it! grand beach grand marais winnipeg manitoba canada lake lake winnipeg manitoba provincial parks fishing camping boating kite boarding beach bar south beach casino dj fin-s
cooking walleye shishkabobs italo shows a recipe for bacon and walleye shishkabobs  produced by  for csf 26 01 tip06 - bacon and walleye fishing fish italo labignan canadian sportfishing  rapala yamaha dickies lucky strike fishergirl humminbird minn kota bacon (ingredient) cooking food recipe csf 26 01 tip 06 bacon and walleye lake home made catch
alaska freeride heliskiing - sony action cam edit we really enjoyed our first time in alaska! filmed with my sony action cam and edited by myself ;) we will finish our ski film next year in alaska with a glacier expedition. the full movie is coming out in fall 2015. if you cant watch the movie with music, here is another link:   in cooperation with servus tv and timeline production.  thx so much to the crew: christine hargin (skier), eva walkner (skier), nadine wallner (skier), jeremy bernard (photographer), sarah httepohl (servus tv), max reichel (filmer/producer), franz hinterbrandner (filmer/producer), tim thomas (guide) and alaska heliskiing :) music: short change hero from the heavy eva walkner nadine wallner christine hargin heliskiing alaska haines spines sluff powder freeriding skiing snow sony action cam fishing helicopter alaska heliskiing
river valley lodge - main lodge and mancave, field, ontario (sturgeon river)  river (geographical feature category) sturgeon river tourist destination fishing all-terrain vehicle (product category) snowmobiling north bay (city/town/village) greater sudbury (city/town/village) west nipissing (city/town/village) tourism (interest) ontario (canadian province) river valley lodge
naufrage harbour, prince edward island some video taken around naufrage harbour, prince edward island, july 31st, 2016. naufrage is a small craft fishing harbour located in kings county,  p.e.i. on the north side of the island. to the east side of the harbour is a nice quiet sand beach (shipwreck point beach).  the one lane wood deck road bridge that passes over the boat run is probably one of the more interesting bridges on the island. naufrage naufrage harbour prince edward island shipwreck point shipwreck point beach harbour harbor lighthouse shipwreck point cafe fishing lobster kings county
adventure in nunavik's parc national kuururjuaq join explore magazine editor david webb on a weeklong backcountry ski and snowshoe expedition into nunavik's parc national kuururjuaq  in the far reaches of arctic quebec. travel by ski, snowshoe and snowmobile into the deep arctic! quebec nunavik ski backcountry adventure travel snow arctic canada snowshoe alpine ice mountain snowmobile inuit dogsled skiing (sport) winter sport (media genre) parc national kuururjuaq
big sag cabin on saganaga lake and bwca welcome to our big sag cabin located on saganaga lake.  come visit us in the northwoods and enjoy hiking, fishing, canoeing, and wildlife.  we are now booking for the 2010 season. minnesota fishing canoeing grand marais gunflint trail seagull outfitters walleye bass lodging cabins resorts
nungesser lake lodge a clean,comfortable, camp offering modern housekeeping cabins in a relaxed and peaceful atmosphere. our personalized service and great hospitality makes nungesser lake lodge the place you will want to visit year after year.  our percentage of repeat guests runs very high and this is the biggest endorsement we can pass on to you. so, if fishing fun and adventure is what you're searching for, give us a try, you won't be disappointed.   check out more at  canada ontario red lake fishing
lake manitoba cottages at the narrows lake manitoba cottages are perfect for a family vacation or just a weekend get-a-way. located on the magnificent lake manitoba, one of canadas largest lakes, and only two hours from winnipeg, the resort offers the ultimate in relaxation and fun. from our sandy beaches and spectacular sunsets to our all-season fishing and water sports, you will find endless activities and enjoyment. vacation lake manitoba lake fishing kayaking boating cottage cabin chalet hunting
let's go outdoors tv show: episode 4 this half-hour television series is part of the let's go outdoors programming line up. the 13 week series runs on ctv two in alberta sunday evenings at 6:30 pm. visit our website at  for more information.  this week: calgary boat and sportsmen's show; ancient art of fish rubbing, fly tying with barry white, elk calling and archery competitions, athabasca sand dunes. elk calling archery boat boat and sportsmen's show spinners sand dunes fishing hunting conservation
prince edward island 65 acres waterfront oceanfront pei real estate for sale west of charlottetown  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance. this is waterfront/oceanfront acreage in north enmore, prince edward island canada. if you are looking for a great piece of property at a super price this may be a property you want to look at. it is down a very long paved road with some year round residences around you for comfort. it is mostly treed, with some areas that have been clear cut. a culvert has been installed as well as a laneway into the property. could be a nice place for a cottage or year round home or estate. exceptional views, privacy, and peace and quiet. near mount pleasant, harmony, victoria west, higgins road, st. chrysostome, alaska, brae harbour, enmore, portage, springhill, prince edward island (pei) canada. located west of charlottetown, north west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
mountain lion (cougar) swimming to beach : very rare video   a mountain lion (cougar) is caught on tape as it swims to shore. this is very rare video - never before seen on you tube.  this video was shot in the wilds of british columbia, canada. thanks to darren ingersoll for providing this rare, original footage. cougar mountain lion rare video never caught on tape sexy cougar sexiest cougar squamish sayward british columbia canada german tourists hunting for cougar eco tourism marine harvest canada eco-trip ecotours eco tours cougar does not attack puma bobcat largest cat in the world rocky mountain lion cat attack large felines on the way to work commute to work swim to beach wildlife in north america north america wildlife rare footage
massassauga provincial park - portage to little blackstone lake the portage to little blackstone lake from pete's place access point...in a nutshell. it can take anywhere from 2 hours to 5 hours, depending on conditions. sam and i went from july 19th to july 21st. the black flies were annoying but if you're an experienced backcountry camper, you know how to handle them. i didn't catch a single fish during this trip - the stunning views and experience made up for that...i guess. massassauga provincial park backcountry kayaking canoeing portaging outdoors camping paddling lake blackstone parry sound muskoka georgian bay lake huron frontier fishing snake frog deer day life turtle lily pad spruce pine bear ontario canada
keewaydin camp: canoe trip at our outpost 2010 join the adventure!  wilderness canoe trips with keewaydin camp, ontario, canada.  these fun, empowering and safe excursions build outdoor skills while fostering strength, leadership, self reliance and confidence. keewaydin temagami outpost wilderness canoe girls summer camp frienship skills leadership independence strength team canoeing trips ontario wabikimi provincial park outdoors camping swimming paddling fishing water
emar lake provincial park canoe trip a short portaging/canoeing/fishing trip at emar lake provincial park, in british columbia. portage canoe paddle fish lake emar michel gauthier book route circuit canoeing paddling outdoors wilderness trout eggs leech sayward forest dogwood avenue books fishing park water bc plateau highway nature little fort 24 janice club boulder bowron outdoor sports tourism
winter summit sunset - needle peak, bc a fast february expedition to summit needle peak, bc. sunny, frigid and extremely windy conditions make for an excellent little trip report. the sunset during the summit remains one of the most beautiful sights we have ever experienced.  - music: time forgets by science:fiction, suffer by glen porter, need itself by glen porter  - shot with: olympus tough 6100, gopro hd hero and panasonic lumix dmc-ts2 canada british columbia climbing climb mountaineer mountain ice crampon axe peak summit panasonic lumix yak peak zoa peak coquihalla hwy yeti adventure camp tent winter snow storm freeze skiing telemark snowshoe backcountry win fail epic extreme bc slope avalanche
ojibway family lodge- lake temagami, ontario a rustic summer family resort on lake temagami, ontario, an unspoiled lake just a few hours north of toronto, with over 3,000 miles of shoreline and 1,500 islands.  comfortable cabins, family style meals, wifi, fantastic fishing, canoeing, kayaking and the peaceful quiet let families reconnect and enjoy the wilderness around them.   ojibway family lodge shares devil's island with keewaydin camp,a wilderness canoeing camp for boys and gilrs.   learn more by visiting our website at  summer family resort rustic resort cabins meals lake temagami ontario toronto fishing canoeing kayaking canada camping fun hiking outdoors boats tourism nature
prince edward island sounds of the ocean north atlantic gulf of st. lawrence  &   call toll free 1-888-295-6863.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, retirement, lobster, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, land, lot, acres, recreational, development, residential, farm, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate.  if you have always wanted to own pei waterfront & water view real estate and couldn't afford it, now is your chance.  this silly little video was done on the shores of kildare capes/st. felix at the end of round pond lane.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael specializes in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, hunter river, souris, and more. direct link to photos at:   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter at   make sure you join my mailing list at   this video was done with a sony hdr-hc7 hd cam. pei real estate prince edward island canada waterfront century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing kayaking golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing how to make real estate video ns nb nf land
shooting the slot - jackfish to lake despair wolf hunting with danny on jackfish lake in southern ontario. here our guide john craig from grey ghost outfitters "shoots the slot" as we transition from jackfish to lake despair in southern ontario. there is only about a foot or two of clearance on each side of the boat and the rock walls. some skill shown here... boat hunting wolf canda fishing water risk speed wilderness ontario shooting gun camofla trophy hunting
10 macs lane stanhope prince edward island, canada pei real estate property unavailable at this time.   pristine home in picturesque location! looking for a lifestyle where the biggest traffic jam you experience is golf carts all heading to the stanhope golf and country club. this property is a golfers paradise, enjoy views of the 4th hole from your back deck and equally amazing water views of covehead bay with birds and seagulls and continued views of the course from your front deck. as impressive as this wonderful subdivision is outside with the vibrant landscape of colors the large windows surrounding this home allows you to bring the outside inside your home and continue the light, airy open feeling from within this 3 bedroom open concept bungalow, feeling like you are on vacation every day of the year. bright spacious kitchen, living room area with vaulted ceilings allows for the sun to stream through and brighten your every day. easy living easy to maintain, easy to fall in love with this home and its setting. make your dream a reality by moving in today and start living pei style  prince edward island, canada is a great place to slow down, enjoy the sights, the sea salt air, slower traffic, hiking the trails, beaches, golfing, kayaking, fishing, collecting sea shells, restaurants, shopping, getting back to the quiet walks, reading a book and enjoying family, friends and new friends alike in a welcoming atmosphere that only pei can offer and where your dollar will go further. step out of the rat race and begin enjoying those precious moments of your life today. where doing less will actually help you get more done!     /  /  century 21 northumberland realty direct line (902)432-0582 fax (888)474-0144 patty campbell epros certified, crs candidate. your prince edward island relocation specialist. prince edward island real estate canada. summerside prince edward island real estate. prince edward island tourism and resident activities for a healthy life style are beaches, biking, kayaking, boat tours, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, camping, bed and breakfast accommodations, boat rentals, lobster, sun bathing, rest and relaxation, museum tours, cottages, amusement parks, shops, spinnakers landing, cavendish boardwalk, parks, provincial parks, mill river fun park, shining waters, sandspit, car museum, potato museum, north cape, restaurants, cavendish beach, singing sand beach, basin head beach, confederation building, confederation centre of the arts, leisure walks, anne of green gables house and museum, victoria by the sea, chocolate festivals and so much more. summerside is centrally located and is in close proximity to charlottetown, borden carleton, confederation bridge.   royalty free music provided by apple itunes. sound effects by apple final cut pro x. camera used sony pj 790v. computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. pei housing market canada (country) real toronto housing market canadian real estate realtor.ca economy summerside confederation bridge confederation trails fishing boating mls.ca century 21 patty campbell powerhousepatty real estate (industry) golf (sport)
what more could you want? osoyoos 20 min. south is the usa, one hour north is kelowna, 41/2 hours west is vancouver, the kootenays and alberta lie east.  deer, big horn sheep, cougar, bear, rattlesnakes and scorpions along with a wide variety of bird live here.  great fishing, hiking, camping..anything outdoor, year round.  it's a pretty good place to call home. osoyoos video canadas desert center wine country southern okanagan inkaneep dialect endangered ecological region pocket federal ecological reserve orchards vineyards windmill anarchist mountain lookout rattlesnake canyon mt. kobau haynes point provincial park wildlife lakefront resorts campsites camping rainbow trout bass fishing lake gyro beach lions centennial kinsmens legion golf clubs hiking biking trails jcvdude productions bc rockies circle tour tourismbc yt:crop=16:9 localsknow hellobc
churchill river canoe outfitters what we do:  canoe trips, canoe clinics, canoe courses, whitewater training, canoe guide training, canoe rentals, canoe carriers, canoe sales, canoe trailers  canoe competitions, canoe route maps.....the list goes on and on  almost anything you can think of that has to do with a canoe, you can do at churchill river canoe   outfitters.    we are located in missinipe on saskatchewan's churchill river in the middle of the precambrian   shield. what we do: canoe trips canoe clinics canoe courses whitewater training canoe guide training canoe rentals canoe carriers canoe sales canada nature escapes coop churhill river canoe outfitters ric driediger outdoors wilderness tour water kayak tourism clinic family farm films clark ferguson saskatoon saskatchewan prince albert northern fishing rapids white
i can't believe what we saw - june 6 2008 just 10 hours in british columbia and you will see why there is no place like it anywhere else on this earth. super natural british columbia videos canada vacation destination biking golf wine aboriginal activities sport canadian destinations vacations tourismbc hellobc thompson okanagan touring hiking biking jcvdude video production travel hotels bc tourism big white silver star skiing resort polo pony horses deer lake guide bears wildlife touring elk idabel vernon fishing hiking
44 gordons way augustine cove prince edward island pei canada waterfront cottage/home for sale sold!  ask me about others! please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  residential - enjoy your own pei paradise with this 3 bedroom cottage located on two waterfront lots on the warmest waters "north of the carolina`s". enjoy swimming in the warm water and walking on the sand flats when the tide is out. on a clear day you can see the nova scotia coastline across the northumberland strait and in the evenings you can jump in the outdoor hot tub after a swim and enjoy the constellations in the night time sky. the cottage has plenty of large windows with fantastic waterviews to bring the beauty of the landscape inside to your open concept kitchen/dining/living area.main level has hardwood and ceramic floors throughout,a large bath with laundry as well as two bedrooms. the second floor has a 1/2 bath, spacious bedroom and the family/tv room which offers spectacular viewscapes which often includes wading blue herons,soaring bald eagles and fishing boats heading to the horizon.  located near confederation bridge, borden carleton, victoria, victoria provincial park, cape traverse, north tryon, tryon, hampton, albany, crapaud, kinkora, chelton, and lady fane. located west of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada.   michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.    michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863  charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, and prince edward island real estate board crea (peirea) mls # 12063536. video youtube link:  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment
harbourville, nova scotia harbourville, nova scotia is a small community on the shore of the bay of fundy.  fishing boats come and go when the tide is in, and local people work and relax in the evening.  visitors and those on holiday enjoy seeing and experiencing what takes place here. harbourville nova scotia shore bay fundy fishing boats people visitors tide
rainy lake property for sale what a fabulous place to visit & live!  amazing life here in northwestern ontario.  the best fishing around - nature out your front door. minutes from the minnesota border at fort frances this home is located east on highway 11 at windy point. live the life of your  dreams. see complete listing at  or call caryn @ 807-275-7282 fishing northwestern ontario fort frances real estate home for sale lake property waterfront rainy lake 1706 highway 11 international falls border country
cnb pro v putz episode 1 pete and jeremy discuss the importance of not being a putz when it comes to preparing for your trip. icefishing petemaina canada hummingbird battery fishing cranksandbobbers proversusputz
cathedral lakes lodge | quick tour cathedral lakes lodge is canada's highest full service hiking and fishing wilderness lodge.     we are located in the alpine splendor of cathedral provincial park, bc.   for reservations please call: 1-888-255-4453 or 1-250-226-7560.  cathedral lakes lodge   connect with us on social media:    video created by et2media  park mountain tourism (interest) trail climbing hiking mountains lake fishing photography flora and fauna wildlife
gopro: fall classic 2015 fishing tourny red lake ontario ~michael harapiak~ watch in 1080p!! if doesn't work on phone/tablet try on a computer instagram and twitter-harapiak9 song- jail break by awolnation song link- gopro hero 4 black like and sub for more  for copyright issues, you can mail us here: all_4_fox_99@hotmail.com world series (sports league championship) fishing
mountain shores resort and marina lake front property for sale promotional pricing at mountain shores resort and marina, kootenay lake, b.c. thank you for your interest in mountain shores, scenic lake lots for sale on now. please take the time to look over the pricing @  we would love to give you a tour of our fine development.  please call for more details, 1-855-427-7788.  with all the buzz surrounding recreational properties in british columbia, the attraction of mountain shores has the amenities you seek.  whether you are looking for a place to retire, a recreational getaway or an investment, look no further than mountain shores.    lots are now available offering a mild climate with lush and stunning beauty, magnificent panoramic views of kootenay lake with the option of a leased boat slip in our private marina (limited numbers of slips available); *"some restrictions do apply, inquire for details" these lots are fully serviced and paved to the property line. there is no time frame to build in the estates lots making this an excellent opportunity for long-term investment.    we are situated 45 minutes from creston and 50 minutes from nelson.  mountain shores is nestled on the tranquil shores of kootenay lake, the largest natural body of fresh water in southern british columbia. unlike many of the more overly populated areas such as the okanagan or invermere/radium areas, the kootenay lake valley remains as a pristine treasure.  for purchasers who'd rather play than relax, mountain shores is a four-season destination that offers year-round fishing, as well as recreational activities. golfing, hiking, biking and water sports are just a few of the endless activities or take in the local culture at crawford bay and nelson. golfers will enjoy the close proximity to the championship kokanee springs golf resort in crawford bay, just a short 15-minute drive away.  please feel free to contact us: 1-866-678-2489 with any immediate questions.  we would be happy to arrange a tour of mountain shores and everything it has to offer.   thanks again for taking time out of your day to view our site.  thank you for interest in mountain shores, kootenay lake mountain shores lake front property creston canada marina boating hiking fishing relaxed lifestyle pristine wild life scenic lake canada tourist destination beach kayaking (sport) tourism (interest) fishing biking hiking mountain property lake property acreage british columbia lake property waterfront property
nothern ontario business news event 40 under forty northern ontario business hosted this years 40 under forty awards in sudbury ontario.    this northern ontario event recognizes 40 of northern ontarios finest business people under the age of forty.    northern ontario business is a business news publication that is distributed through out nothern ontario     for more information vist:     nothern ontario business northern event news
bay of quinte. boating in our crestliner a short clip of us taking a rip in the little retro crestliner heading south from mohawk bay (deseronto, ontario). late spring, 2006.       filmed using a nikon-p1 camera. 320x240 15fps bay of quinte fishing boating runabout boat crestliner walleye aphex spring summer
baker's shore estates prince edward island property development part 1 grand river e. of summerside please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek, crs, abr, epro, is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance    this is part 1 of my multi-part series on baker's shore estates going through the various steps to get it to the point of marketing. mls description: welcome to prince edwards island's newest and most exciting community now with pre-sale pricing before the roads are installed.  now is your chance to have a piece of this luxury sub-division with low pre-sale pricing and your choice of lots.  this is the going to be the next "place to be" in pei luxury communities -- get yours before it is too late.  waterfront and waterview lots available, treed and cleared. panoramic views, warm waters, excellent beach, great location. located near belmont, central lot, 16, lot 16, bayside, macdougal, sherbrooke, miscouche, tyne valley, wellington (western pei). located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and west of summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, epro, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:  michael poczynek has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada. michael is also a developer and has an extensive background in information technology. michael is extremely entrepreneurial in nature and always on the lookout for investment and business opportunities relating to or not relating to real estate. michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300.  computer used apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
presque isle state park - full drive through if you are thinking about taking a trip to presque isle state park, or want to remember what it looks like from a past visit, this is a video of what it looks like to drive around the park.  there is a main loop that first goes along the shore of presque isle bay, turns around near the tip of the peninsula, and then travels along the shore facing lake erie.  although there are several places that were not explored, this is a drive on the main road with two popular side-roads (near the beaches facing lake erie).  if you like the video or found it useful, don't forget to give it a thumbs up. presque isle state park (protected site) drive automobile (industry) driving (media genre) erie county (us county) erie (city/town/village) pennsylvania (us state) park outdoors travel trip beach sand water fishing family lake erie (lake) summer holiday weekend fun
fernie bc - the story of the ghost rider fernie bc is a quaint little town tucked away in the mountains of british columbia, east kootenay region. aside from being surrounded by natural beauty, fernie has a very interesting story within its history. the legend of the ghost rider comes from unrest between early settlers and aboriginals of the area. this story brought to you by jason beauchene of canada audiotomic audiotomic fernie bc british columbia cranbrook ghost rider hosmer mountain mount ski hill rocky resorts coal mine mining jason beauchene rick macdonald denise baughan east kootenays kootenay region canada audio tomic kimberley sparwood nelson castlegar elkford moyie tobacco plains grassmere skookumchuck ktanaxa historical archive documentary sir william fernie fort steele sam city of tek cominco
intex seahawk iv trolling motor test got a great deal on an intex seahawk iv.  they say its a 4 person boat, and could probably hold 4 people, but not comfortably.  makes a nice 2 person fishing boat for small lakes.  picked up a 32lb trolling motor and motor mount on sale from canadian tire and decided to give it a try on bass lake (near orillia). intex intex seahawk seahawk intex seahawk 4 intex seahawk iv boat canadian tire trolling motor minn kota bass lake orillia fishing boating motor fish bass
cottage4me virtual tour - lake cottage rental in lighthouse cove, ontario, canada (hd) welcome to cottage4me in beautiful lighthouse cove, ontario, canada - positioned at the mouth of the thames river & lake st. clair. cottage4me offers an extraordin ary cottage rental experience with 2+1 bedrooms, 1 bath with amenities from a waffle maker to memory foam mattress we have thought of everything to make your stay an enjoyable one!  cottage4me is open year round contact us today & make cottage4me your new vacation destination!  for an instant booking quote visit:  +1 519 971 4445 info@cottage4me.com  tourism (interest) virtual tour tourist destination canada cottage (accommodation type) lake cottage lake st clair (body of water) thames river (river) boating fishing musky beach fun vacation ontario (canadian province) kayaking (sport) river thames (river) vrbo vacation rental (industry) flipkey tripadvisor (website)
island view lodge and cabins base camp island view lodge and resort. fishing walleyes on rainy lake, near international fall. music by mike westbrock fishing walleye minnesota mn international falls best fish small mouth bass pike island view lodge mike westbrock
prince edward island tourist attractions aidens deep sea fishing pei canada vacations aiden's deep sea fishing.  north rustico, prince edward island, canada. prince edward island canada real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. vacation tourism recreational atlantic canada retirement aerial video cavendish stratford east royalty michaelpoczynek michael poczynek pei travel adventure nature events culture destination fishing deep sea aidens beach swimming atlantic seafood cruise
white sand beach for miles nail pond prince edward island real estate near north cape windmills pei subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and get all pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: just look at this nice white clean sand beach for miles and you will be sold. this lot should be in the $200,000 range. it's down a private lane with views of the windmills at north cape and offers complete privacy and seclusion. a must see. the perfect place for that waterfront cottage. huge potential with this amazing panoramic view property. buy as an investment or build. located near north cape, anglo tignish, nail pond, tignish, judes pond, tignish shore, fisherman's haven provincial park, kildare capes, st. felix, skinners pond, ascension, kildare, waterford, pleasant view, & huntley. located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13068964. video youtube link:  and  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
(sold) 15 holly del lane cottage for sale seawatch st. lawrence prince edward island pei real estate sold - 9/19/12  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance. this is a waterfront cottage in the seawatch sub-division, 15 holly del lane, st. lawrence, prince edward island canada. like new waterfront 2 storey cottage. beautiful sunsets miles and miles of beach you can walk all day. the home is situated on waterfront lot with access to trout fishing and clam digging. there are two bedrooms up and one down. the master bedroom has an ensuite and also a place for a small office. the second floor has oak hardwood floors. main floor kitchen and bedroom and laundry room have beautiful ceramic tile. kitchen is designed for a good cook with extra cupboards, a very large pantry and a deck that is designed for outdoor dining. lovely garden and waterfront. near miminegash, miminegash pond, ebbsfleet, roseville, st. lawrence, o'brien road, piusville, campbellton, burton, prince edward island (pei) canada. located west of charlottetown, north west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
fishing in the dark ( cover ) by ferny turnbull filmed at lloydminster alberta at the servus   sports center oct 17 2014  more cover and original songs can be found here   country blues (musical genre) fishing australia ferny turnbull cover fishin' in the dark (composition) jason michigan
clearwater historic lodge bwca  218-388-2254  clearwater lake lodge was originally started in 1915 by charlie and petra boostrom. they chose the west end of clearwater lake because they believed that views of the palisades were the best on the gunflint trail. the main lodge was finished in 1926 and had 14 rooms. they owned and operated the lodge till 1946 when they sold it for $45,000. it has had several owners since then and is now owned by carl clark and adam van tassell. the van tassell family lives on site and are the full time caretakers of the property. the lodge is the oldest and largest free standing hand-hewn whole log structure in the region and is listed on the national historic registry. clearwater lodge has been in the resort and outfitting business since 1915 and is the oldest resort on the gunflint trail and the original outfitter of the area. clearwater historic lodge outfitters boundary waters boundary waters bwca clearwater fishing north woods minnesota camping hiking bluffs palisades bass smallmouth vacation family north shore history canoe nature wilderness charlie boostrom petra boostrom gunflint trail clearwater lake trout hand-hewn log cabin resort
ocean memories an ocean champion is an individual who has an appreciation of the ocean and a shared knowledge of its diversity. by listening to our ocean champions we can learn from them and ensure the ocean and its resources are available for generations to come.     everyday newfoundland and labrador's marine environment is used my various stakeholders for a variety of purposes. cpaws-nl created this video with the goal of educating the public on the importance of sustainable ocean use and maintaining and improving ocean health. enjoy the stories of our ocean champions and visit cpawsnl.org for more information on how you can be involved. boats fishing economic educational science cpaws stories fokelore whales ocean champions memories nonprofit protection cod newfoundland labrador conservation quest marine institute dan ficken renews souther shore burin
the history of clearwater lake lodge  218-388-2254  clearwater lake lodge was originally started in 1915 by charlie and petra boostrom. they chose the west end of clearwater lake because they believed that views of the palisades were the best on the gunflint trail. the main lodge was finished in 1926 and had 14 rooms. they owned and operated the lodge till 1946 when they sold it for $45,000. it has had several owners since then and is now owned by carl clark and adam van tassell. the van tassell family lives on site and are the full time caretakers of the property. the lodge is the oldest and largest free standing hand-hewn whole log structure in the region and is listed on the national historic registry. clearwater lodge has been in the resort and outfitting business since 1915(97 years) and is the oldest resort on the gunflint trail and the original outfitter of the area.  clearwater historic lodge  774 clearwater road grand marais, mn 55604 clearwater historic lodge outfitters boundary waters boundary waters bwca clearwater fishing north woods minnesota camping hiking bluffs palisades bass smallmouth vacation family north shore history canoe nature wilderness charlie boostrom petra boostrom gunflint trail clearwater lake trout hand-hewn log cabin resort harriet boostrom taus
prince edward island real estate canada hebrides new london waterfront cottage overview pei crea subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and get all pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. crea mls description: prince edward island real estate canada hebrides new london waterfront cottage overview pei crea this is part 2 to:  or  prince edward island canada dream beach home, perfect for house & garden magazine. you would think it was brand new! comes complete with an amazing panoramic bay, ocean, sand dunes, and river view of pei's north shore. watch the fishing boats and the waves from the large 2nd floor deck with unobstructed views for many miles. moments away from fresh seafood just around the corner. boating, kayaking, canoeing, fishing, deep sea fishing, long walks along the beach, bicycling, are just some of the summer activities you can enjoy in this prime hebrides, new london location. the hebrides features a club house, indoor pool, tennis courts, and an area to golf. centrally located between summerside & charlottetown. fabulous, super clean, looks like new, potential for turn key rental with negotiable contents that have hardly been used. lock box on-site and available for showings on a moments notice to qualified buyers. wow! exciting youtube hd video attached. click on multimedia link to view located near atlantic ocean, new london bay, gulf of st. lawrence, springbrook, bayfield,  stanley bridge, cavendish. french river, cape tryon, seaview, darnley, malpeque, park corner, new london, toronto, and green gables. located west of cavendish, charlottetown, east of kensington, and summerside, and north of confederation bridge in borden. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. royalty free music provided by: montauk point kevin macleod (incompetech.com) licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0   realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 14073092. video youtube link:  custom url:   pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
best drone footage - dji phantom 2 - moosehead lake, maine dji phantom 2 aerial quadcopter drone equipped with a gopro hero 3 black edition flying over tomhegan wilderness camp located on moosehead lake, maine.  don't forget to subscribe.  thanks for watching! maine tomhegan wilderness trees lake moosehead lake (lake) moose (animal) drone drones gopro (award-winning work) dji phantom dji phantom 2 nature fishing cabin cottage (accommodation type) epic lake tree lovers bears huge lake drone racing drone fpv drone footage drone video quadcopter review test fail win crash build 101 extreme best charpu professional inspire 1 osmo crashing amazing
exel boat restoration pt 2 here`s a few more things i`ve gotton for it have a look . motorboat (invention) boat (taxonomy subject) ski boat fishing antique restoration
wood river expedition episode 1: sunwapta falls to athabasca crossing the plan was to accomplish the first descent of the remote wood river in british columbia by hiking into 24km from sunwapta falls into it's headwaters at fortress lake, paddling 15km across the lake, 30 km down the river (excluding 2 major class vi waterfall filled canyons) then ascending back up 3500 ft in 37 km to the continental divide though athabasca pass, crossing into alberta again and navigating the whirlpool river the remaining 80 km back to the icefield parkway.   turns out there is a reason no one has ever done this before. luke schmidt punctured his raft, we did some canyon swimming,ended up losing both boats (and my paddle) in a gorge. this necessitated some severe bushwhacking and spending some chilly nights on the mountainside, but in the end we completed this 5 day trip in a mere 11 days :).   in this episode we eat wild strawberries, do some hiking, get wet, try out my new ultralight tipi tent by seek outside (the bt-2) and do some fishing in the most beautiful little lake you'll ever see. wood river expedition jasper national park (protected site) sunwapta river (river) sunwapta falls (waterfall) athabasca river (river) athabasca crossing fortress lake trail fortress lake waterfall (geographical feature category) episode river (geographical feature category) strawberry (food) seek outside bt-2 fishing brook trout (organism classification) kokopelli packraft packrafting zebco telescopic fishing rod
culverson lake outpost part 9 of the chimo lodge outpost tour - culverson lake outpost fishing ontario canada red lake northern pike walleye lake trout chimo lodge outpost culverson lake
cedar valley lodge, on lake kipawa - 1  - we are located on lake kipawa, in the south-west region of quebec, canada. our lodge is accessible by road and by boat. kipawa lake provides crystal clear and deep waters, it reaches close to over 80 kilometres in width and has over 1600 kilometres of breathtaking scenery and amazing wildlife along the shoreline to discover. ideal conditions for our main catch, yellow walleye but also rare to find blue walleye, northern pike and lake trout.    call us now 1-819-629-7373 and reserve your outdoor experience. lodge quebec canada best fishing in quebec cedar valley lodge fishing hunting outfitter lake kipawa walleye pike lake trout
easiest perch cleaning method  . wmv (((((((   boneless   ))))))))   fast easy method on filleting perch / pan fish       give it a try you`ll really like this ; no mess no fuss. perch panfish bottomfeeders trout fishing lake crappy sunfish lake fishing yellow perch filleting fish fish (food) easy clean method pike northern pike boneless fillets wildlife
sandy shores & great outdoors intro .wmv here`s an introduction on my channel i put together to show you whats in my part of the world please enjoy  mrmrtiki channel . sandy shores great outdoors mrmrtiki intro beach introduction new new intro waves opening sand fishing tourism fishing hunt hunting (profession) friends cooking wildlife 6x6 alterrain argo machanics tips tricks tips & tricks (magazine) recipes nature (literary genre)
thermolite  boat facelift 1 - 4 here`s a nice vintage find i got off kijiji for free i saved it from junk it was sitting for a couple yrs according to prior owner ,so i took it off his hands loaded it up and i`ll show you what i did to it .  according to google it`s possibly a boat made by the great orchestra cunductor & race car driver guy lombardo classic boats antique old boat (literature subject) fishing boat pleasure craft lake cruise cruising (maritime) cruising (driving) cruise ship (ship type) water sailing ocean row hull vessel restoring antiques restoration chrysler marine invention evinrude mercury force jlo outboard motor engine motor sports
conversations that matter episode 18 jim mcisaac episode 18 jim mcisaac bc commercial fishing caucus  this weeks conversation that matters features jim mcisaac of the bc commercial fishing caucus.  mcisaac says, since the restructuring of the commercial fishing industry in the 90s communities up and down the coast have been disenfranchised from the sector that was their lifeblood. he says, it comes at a time when fish stocks are well managed and robust. mcisaac points out fishing is a fraction of its former size.  join veteran broadcaster stuart mcnish for this important and engaging conversation that matters. on the vancouver sun website. each week mcnish explores the most important issues shaping the future of b.c.  please become a subscriber and support the production of the program at  conversations that matter stuart mcnish oh boy productions jim mcisaac bc commercial fishing caucus fishing british columbia seafood shell fish marine environment coastal waters canada vancouver salmon herring halibut cod
a weekend at the harbor a weekends worth of sights at copper harbor cabins condensed into a relaxing 4 minute journey. copper harbor cabins is a weekly rental in a unique location with 400' of lake superior shoreline. visit  to learn more about how you can experience these sights for yourself.  music "letters to allayne" by tom fahy (  video production by defined visuals ( copper harbor rental lake superior lake superior (lake) michigan fishing copper harbor rental serenity peaceful private private rental
newfoundland geographic documentary by canadian photographers newfoundland photography workshop participants submitted their best shots for this slide show about 2 one-week workshops held in june 2015 at canada's easternmost point of land. members of this group have toured quebec and ontario in all seasons plus a springtime driving trip to texas and back. their names are on their photos. in 2016 we will continue our geographic documentary of america in arizona-utah-california, then every province of canada leading up to the nation's 150th anniversary in 2017. join us!   photography workshop documentary newfoundland canada photographer photo nature geography ecology fishing st. john's avalon peninsula cape st. mary's signal hill 150th anniversary phil norton
south of penticton -- vaseux lake and mountain bighorn sheep unbelievable scenery, accentuated with a large population of wild life. bighorn sheep, mule deer, white tail deer, bear, mountain lion all roam the mountains along with western diamond back rattle snakes.  bass, perch, pumpkin seed, crappies, carp, trout, kokanee, white fish and even catfish can be caught by fishermen. you can see more of the sheep here:  rocky mountain bighorn sheep video ewes lambs rams mouflon species of with long horns reserve desert trophy hunting wildlife videography professional videographer jcvdude productions company wildlife film vacations learn photography schools digital editing holidays bctourism hellobc sony national parks vacation packages hotels motels boat rentals bed breakfast tourismbc vaseux falls okanagan penticton south travel wineries lake bass trout fishing fish eagle osprey
aerial canada rockiesfoothills w rocky mountain house ab aerial canada rockiesfoothills w rocky mountain house ab aerial canada rockiesfoothills rocky mountain house ab
evinrude trolling motor fix prt 1 bought a trolling motor found it had broken cable bracket screw mounts check how easy it was to fix. evinrude trolling motor electric motor (invention) fishing engine electric motor (engine category)
below howling falls below howling falls on the asheweig river in ontario... what a place! fishing river canada
baccalieu rovers....fishin in a dory dale walsh on vocals and guitar and jonathan broderick on accordian.  this very popular song was written by a gentleman here in bay de verde by the name of paul emberley who turned 91 years old august past. baccalieu rovers fishing in dory dale walsh jonathan broderick newfoundland accordion newfie bay de verde
gichigami, kayaking on beautiful lake superior in the morning mist a day out on the water. big kayak lake superior water lake superior (lake) kayaking (sport) fishing river tourism (interest)
gopro: day on the boat! new video every thursday at 6:30pm!! (and sometimes sundays)  please like and subscribe for more!!  ~michael harapiak~  **watch in 1080p**  {thanks for watching}  follow me on social media:  instagram @harapiak9  twitter @harapiak9  youtube @gopro guy 99  song- toby-roots (ncs release) song link-  if you have any song choices or anything that you want to see please leave a comment!!  filmed with a gopro hero 4 black's and hero 4 session  to contact me about anything please email me at - goproguy159@gmail.com gopro dji drone nwo boat lund fishing pike walleye water lundboats yamah yamaha motors
king air landing on remote canadian strip beech king air be200 landing at de lesseps lake airport (ckf9) in ontario, ca.  the strip is owned by the guardian eagle resort and is approx 3000 feet of concrete in poor condition. canada (country) island landing airport airplane beech king air king air be200 de lesseps lake short runway island airport landing aircraft flight plane fishing resort guardian eagle beechcraft beech ckf9
(sold) summerside real estate for sale 47 century prince edward island real estate pei home for sale price reduced to $278,900. subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and resource.  receive pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by  owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&b's, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. 47 century court, summerside, pe, ca prince edward island real estate summerside home for sale with above ground pool located in the very prime family orientated community of gavin estates. just imagine how much fun you are going to have in this large family house built for parties, fun, laugher, having visitors over, barbeques, and pool parties. this very well decorated & appointed home is so cozy for a large home; from the massive kitchen with a computer nook for looking up your recipes, to the views from the formal and informal dining areas to the multiple propane fireplaces, this home screams warmth and loving.  a heated double car garage will keep your cars nice and warm on a cool day, and could double as a workshop.  the basement is ready for the big screen tv with surround sound, pool table, or games room. this home is the cleanest bank foreclosure i have seen, and it is priced to sell to one new lucky owner looking for a bargain in pei real estate.  wow!  exciting youtube hd video attached.  be sure to subscribe! located near linkletter, sherbrooke, st. elanors, wilmot, bedeque, north bedeque, st. nicholas, reads corner, and miscouche. located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and souris. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, blogspot, digg, and reddit. royalty free music provided by: "inner light" kevin macleod (incompetech.com)  licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0   realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # tba. video youtube link:  michael's custom home for sale url:  michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing stratford development recreational residential houses for sale confederation bridge funny video green gables retirement investment land properties realty beach sand century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial acreage crea michael poczynek michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com
prince edward island real estate new london hebrides waterfront lot pei canada century 21 ocean view subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and get all pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: situated in the hebrides, one of the most picturesque area on pei, this one acre lot has been family owned for the last 27 years. it is located on a sheltered point with wrap around shoreline with a beautiful view of the southwest river as it flows by. in the distance, the sand dunes of pei national park stretch along the horizon across new london bay where colorful windsurfers can be seen riding the wind and to the west, green sloping hills rise to the sky. a yearly association fee entitles the owner to partake of the golf course, the swimming pool and the community center. the fee also includes maintenance of the lot. water is seasonable. a beautiful spot, serene, and imbued with the colors that make pei that special place. located near french river, long river, new london, hebrides, cavendish, cavendish beach, new london bay, stanley bridge, hope river, mayfield, north granville, millvale, north rustico, clinton, and margate.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13068978. video youtube link:  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
yukondrone - amazing phantom 4 aerials of scout lake, yukon 4k this footage was recorded on a phantom 4 drone at scout lake, yukon, in may 2016.  please like , comment and subscribe if you enjoy my videos!  music - "the banquet" by ryan taubert drone phantom footage northern mountains snow lake scout 4k yukon canada whitehorse fishing aerial epic scenery
griffith, 4882  matawatchan road see more at   log home located on centennial lake, with 3+2  bedrooms, 2 baths, 2 stone fireplaces, walk-out, spacious deck, private dock, and all in a area of excellent fishing. 36ftx30ft cement block workshop, and 32x12 workshop. located on paved road, with very easy access. everything is in excellent condition! waterfront matawatchin griffith log home 4 season boating fishing country living walk-out dock swimming good condtiion immediate possession 3 bedrooms 2 baths country charm paved road workshop boat storage renfrew county calabogie 5 bedrooms real estate greater madawaska ontario
feature focus: premier pontoon live well gt performance feature focus is designed to inform you about the unique features that make your time spent with our products more enjoyable gt performance fishing live well premier pontoon boat manitoba alberta saskatchewan
houston b.c. - sweeney lake some picture from a camping trip at sweeney lake near houston british columbia. houston van barneveld jonathan british columbia jvb bc canada sweeney lake rhine craig camping northern b.c.
cp mp 68.21 white river sub.wmv anyone reconize this location?  it is at lochalsh, ontario on the white river subdivision. the siding is located just south of wabatongushi lake.   the white river sub runs from chapleau to white river in northern ontario.   video was recorded by cory gautier lochalsh wabatongushi lake cp frieght tracks northern ontario intermodel trains locomotive canadian pacific siding dpu containers
nwt from my eyes.wmv pictures taken by me during my work / living experiences throughout the nwt, along with knockin' on heavens door that i play and sing.  photos come from such places as, lutselk'e, tulita, yellowknife, fort liard, nwt nwt northern canada yellowknife lutselk'e tulita fort liard
10pm to 2am northern light on prelude lake nwt  northern light march 27 2010
06-01-13 - cranberry lake (powell river, bc)  bc adventures west powell river west coast sunshine coast outdoors hiking biking fishing cranberry lake
(sold) 10 inkerman crapaud prince edward island (pei) real estate ne of confederation bridge please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek, crs, abr, epro, is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance    complete renovated absolutely gorgeous century home located in a nice quiet village - centally located between summerside, charlottetown, and the bridge. very effcient with two story garage that could double as a workshop, or turned into a garage apartment. large mature treed lot. home is comfy cozy and ready to move into. property taxes are non-resident discount should apply to resident. located near tryon, victoria, victoria provincial park, hampton, north tryon, cape traverse, augustine cove, south melville, lady fane, confederation bridge, and borden carleton. located west of charlottetown, north east of the confederation bridge in borden, south east from kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, epro, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:  michael poczynek has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada. michael is also a developer and has an extensive background in information technology. michael is extremely entrepreneurial in nature and always on the lookout for investment and business opportunities relating to or not relating to real estate. michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
ram river country alberta canada here are some pics & video i took today of another part of alberta.  ram river country.  we got rained out of our campsite. travel aberta canada destination alberta river wildlife nature hiking travel log culture adventure forest camping mountain canyon view drive auto automobile van chevy venture family fun summer climbing holiday july ram river ram country storm tree bush grass sky pictures evergreen earth wilderness rock road 7 mile flats alberta hunting fishing sign
did the yamaha atv's grizzly and kodiak see a nessie at ingall falls? lol - oct.20 2012 today's adventure takes us out exploring down the dore lake - ingall falls area. was a pretty nice day out for this time of year! we come across some "nessie" type creature swimming around in the lake below ingall falls. pretty sure it was an otter, but who am i to say? hahaha quite a beautiful area down there. lots of camping spots and lakes, creeks, rivers, water-falls, you name it! we are pretty lucky to have such a great area to ride! buckle up you helmet and enjoy the ride!  if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also check us out on our blog page"   you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo     yamaha grizzly kodiak nessie atv trail falls lake bridge otter beaver cubbeezx gopro hero hd fishing hunting quad outdoor sports river water quad (unit) yamaha quad atv trails atvs quads atv yamaha atv honda atv quads
2015 coast some quick but pretty shots of a recent trip.  please, if you recognize  the area don't mention it specifically.  i added this after some had already been made so they get a pass...    song is "ghost" by ella henderson... sorta cheesy steelhead fly fishing west yellowstone flyfishing spey chad smith
keewaydin camp: canoe trip our 2010 girls' hudson bay trip wilderness canoe trips for girls ages 10-18 with keewaydin camp on lake temagami in ontario canada.  these fun, empowering and safe excursions build outdoor skills while fostering strength, leadership, self reliance and confidence. keewaydin temagami wilderness canoe girls summer camp friendship skills leadership independence strength team canoeing trips outdoor camping swimming paddling fishing water river holiday fun boats
atv rain ride! the grizzly 700 is back on zilla's - wheelie? - may 18 2013 cubbeezx is about cubbee and ck's  everyday real life atv moto vlogging x'lent adventures.  our regular quad rides are a 2011 yamaha grizzly 700 eps and a 2011 yamaha kodiak 450 se eps.  on weekends, we usually can be found exploring the back woods of north western ontario on wheels or tracks.  first ride of the season without the tracks on the yamaha grizzly 700! unfortunately, it poured rain the whole weekend. we weren't going to let that stop us. cubbee had not done a wheelie in like 8 or 9 months and was starting to have withdrawals! lol did the gilbert lake loop trail, it was awesome. a herd of black bears ran across the trail in front of us. at first we thought there were three big ones, but i think there may have been four!! on the way home we came across the smallest baby deer we have ever seen. it was trying to cross the highway with it's mom. we waited for it and it turned around and hit in the ditch, so we managed to get a quick picture of it.    if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter:   you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our new faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:           you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo      background music is called:   "pilots of stone" by jason shaw  downloaded from:   the music is used with permission as follows:  "all music in this online collection created by jason shaw.  released under creative commons license 3.0 you are free to use the music (even for commercial purposes) as long as you credit " audionautix.com" where possible.  music must be part of some other created works. no further permission is required." quad vlog blog moto vlog yamaha grizzly kodiak rain ride bears deer trails wet mud stuck lake fishing canada ontario northwestern cubbeezx cubbee ck 4 wheeler bike black bear bear video blog (industry) 450 700 honda yamaha atv honda atv \moto vlogging\ \yamaha quad\ \honda quad\ \atv trails\ ontario canada \canada atv\ mud atv motocross maxxis zillas
burr lake atv ride via the beaver dam trail - july 14 2013 out for a sunday quad ride on the yamaha 700 grizzly and kodiak 450 atv's to burr lake. i think it was about a year or two ago we had gone through this trail. lots of beaver dams to cross, but nothing too bad. not sure why, but the water levels in burr lake were down about 3 feet. maybe a beaver dam let go down stream or something?  if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter:   you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our new faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:           you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo      background music is:  five armies by kevin macleod is licensed under a cc attribution 3.0.  permissions beyond the scope of this license are available at  wheelie atv quad yamaha grizzly kodiak gopro cubbeezx trails beaver dam rabbit mud water lake fishing ontario canada outdoor recreation (tv genre) outdoor cubbee ck hunting 4wheeler 4wheeling grizzly 700 all-terrain vehicle (contact product) motocross honda vlogging video blog video vlog trail riding outdoor riding
outback oven pizza in this video we bake "ihatchetjack's" bread recipe in a outback oven.  then we attempt to bake pizza.  that is when mother nature takes over the show.  this video was shot in the beautiful parc rgional du poisson blanc, quebec during the 2010 econo challenge.  pizza recipe: crust -- plain rice cake sauce -- hot sauce packets from toco bell x 2 pepperoni -- sliced meat stick cheese -- extra old cheddar bake in outback oven for 45 minutes.  give or take a rain storm or two. (note that heavy rain will turn your pizza into a soggy mess in seconds.)  how to make the bread dough:   you will enjoy this video series if you hike, backpack, paddle, peddle, kayak, wilderness camp, practice bushcraft or love putting it all together! econo challenge camping hiking paddling fishing backpacking nature camp food review pizza dinner cooking outdoor outback oven baking demo fun weekend survival kitchen recipe
dji phantom quadcopter gopro  remotely controlled aerial drone grand river prince edward island please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera. this is part 2 of 2.  part 1 is located at:   and   location, location, location. enjoy a gorgeous panoramic water view from this well maintained waterfront house on a very large 4.2 acre lot. views of grand river, a church in the distance, and rolling hills. great place for boating and water sports. located near grand river, bayside, birch hill, belmont, belmont lot 16, wellington, arlington, sherbrooke, st. nicholas, miscouche, st. raphael, union corner, mont carmel, malpeque bay, port hill, tyne valley, cap-egmont. located west of charlottetown, the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13068207. video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment dji phantom gopro
spectacular northwest territories the northwest territories is spectacular place with lake and rives, parks and wilderness, people and culture, northern realities and of course the aurora! visit us to plan your next spectacular trip to the nwt. tourism northwest territories nwt travel adventure north arctic cool canada amazing fishing lakes biggest fish waterfall aurora
prince edward island real estate: east bideford lot, tour of tyne valley, pei back dirt roads canada please subscribe, like, share, embed, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quadcopter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: spectacular acreage lot, just a few feet from a gorgeous low bank sandy beach. warmest waters north of the carolina`s. the perfect place for a cottage or year round home. huge potential with this amazing panoramic view property. buy as an investment or build. located near east bideford, bideford, freeland, murray road, ellerslie, tyne valley, port hill, mount pleasant, grand river, green park provincial park, lennox island, mapleque bay, bayside, portage, and spring hill. located west of charlottetown, the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13068240. video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment
the bears are eating well - gilbert lake atv ride - sept. 22 2013 looks like we forgot to upload this video from last fall!  a nice day for a ride. cubbee and ck, (that's us lol) take the 2011 yamaha 700 grizzly and 2011 450 kodiak out for ride around the gilbert loop.  if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter:   you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our new faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:            you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo      background music is called: garage by: topher mohr and alex elena downloaded from the youtube audio library atv quad quadding trails yamaha grizzly kodiak bears crap poop lakes fishing ride bush mud trail swamp greasy cubbeezx cubbee ck ontario canada riding bear eatingwell magazine lake (ontology class) toronto honda four suzuki grizzly 700 vlogger atv vlogger moto vlogger video blog (industry)
spills and spin pt i - environment update 2014 mt. polly has shown us two things: 1 - the government doesn't give a rats ass about anything but profit 2 - we are going to pay for it all... again... and that won't do a thing right here  we have quick clips on the propaganda, irresponsibility, and outrageous behavior of our own government as we cover;  - the fallout from the incredible tailings pond spill at mt. polly - the impact on the fisheries and local life - the christy clark spin machine in three parts... - (christy is so full of it... just gotta say that) - the mining spokesperson so well paid to spin into profit  yup, it's business as usual for a corrupt and inept government and the nonsense machine we call lame-stream media.  and we have a whole section coming up showing you the truth they're ignoring.  it's video radio - doing our best to fight the fascism, and win the war with logic, a sense of humour, and facts that lame-stream just can't handle.  more to come - thanks for staying tuned!   cheers! ____________________________________________  please check out our municipal sustainability project    thanks for your support ____________________________________________  guerrilla radio design media solutions presents a radio free canada production   video radio vr081614_1 - environment update spills and spin pt i - environment update 2014 quick share:   recorded live in downtown kelowna edited at guerrilla radio design studios box 20013, kelowna, bc - v1y 9h2 darinsdesk@hotmail.com  produced by robert nisbet directed by darin howard edited by burton the cat music produced in part by tfv _______________________________________  as protected under section 2 of the canadian charter of rights and freedoms and using media as described in international fair usage copyright law _______________________________________  be the change you wish to see in the world mt. polly imperial mines propaganda christy clark provincial fail lies impact fisheries salmon environment disaster natural environment (literature subject) science (tv genre) fishing update british columbia (canadian province)
geocaching in nipigon every labour day weekend, a pair of geocachers from nipigon organize a cache hunt to coincide with the nipigon fall fishing festival. geocachers from all over north western ontario descend upon the community for caching and fun.  this year, we went again, and i took my two year old son for a hike up to the bald spot to find a couple geocaches. i wasn't quite sure what to expect for the trail up there, or the difficulty of the climb. the trail and geocache were very nice, but i was mostly impressed by my son who did the hike all by himself.  it was a beautiful fall morning, the leaves were just starting to change colour, and it smelled wonderful. we had a great hike and geocache hunt, and i wanted to save the memory with this video. nipigon fall fishing festival 2011 north west norwest ontario geocachers geocaching geocache geo cache fall hike bluff trail
big east lake day one haliburton highlands water trails  camping camp fishing canoe canoeing outdoors spring paddling triplog haliburton gravenhurst muskoka thunderbox algonquin wilderness zebulon pike david sullivan hammock tent ontario ice-out ice forest haliburton highlands water trails hhwt 118 hwy 118 vankoughnet canarvorn big east lake poker lake poker lakes gopro
cobblestone lodge outpost this unique outpost offers fisherman the opportunity to fish 3 different lakes. having boats and motors on 3 lakes adds more variety. cabin is located on godden lake, or motor down a short river to heathwalt lake. all lakes are cold arctic waters. fish spring, summer or fall. whether you choose our outpost or main lodge, you'll find the fishing is good all season.  the cabin includes 2 large bedrooms and sleeps up to 5 people. 3 piece bathroom. solar power lights, propane heat and a large roofed porch. fishing resort (industry) ignace ontario
perce rock at gasp peninsula - quebec, canada follow our journey through port daniel, perce, cap-des-rosiers lighthouse, forillon national park, saint lawrence seaway, petit-cap village, grande-vallee village and riviere-la-madeleine village.  a hike to perce rock was in order during low tide.  sorry for the wind noise due to the storm.  related video:   ca canada canadian ocean seagulls lighthouse whale watching sailing fishing nature hiking boats outdoors wilderness tourism travel automobiles wildlife cars vehicle model vehicles winter travel log
dumoine river 09 little steel falls class iii rapids in a canoe location - dumoine river, quebec.  crew - fair, eagleson, treleaven.  date - september 2009  clip from a backcountry whitewater river canoe trip. day 2 of 5. after portaging all of our gear clear of the rapids we put in after little steel falls to shoot the remaining class iii rapids. whitewater canoe dumoine river quebec funny cool crazy dude camping water rapids class iii adventure extreme sports reckless travel log kayak fishing water sport agility water sport action portage trip fun sweet canoeing quebec white
blue's, smoky mountains and clear lakes music expresses mood and feelings, today i feel sad.  i went to sleep with the story of the gunman rampage in the usa and wake up to the story of the rampage in germany.  our world gone wild. christina lake cascade falls chickadee photographs pictures lonely planet nature national geographic everyday explorer british columbia wildlife bc tourism hellobc sony canon nikon lodge kootenays canadian rockies parks vacations hotels motels caribbean jcvdude hiking biking ornithology bird watching trans canada trail fishing camping b&b rentals westjet bed breakfast 2010 winter olympics international holidays deer
(sold) prince edward island real estate for sale 2 noonans lane bedeque pei water views summerside please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek, crs, abr, epro, is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance   this is 2 noonans lane in bedeque across from summerside. spectacular home with amazing water views right from your covered verandah at front of this home is awaiting you. this rare 3 year new home features 6 bedrooms, 3 baths, 3 car garage, and has been very well taken care of. this home is situated only 10 minutes outside of summerside for all your ammenities, recreation and school needs. if you have been looking for that perfect family home with plenty of room and located out of town providing you that extra privacy we all desire this is the home for you. located near  summerside, bedeque, fernwood, chelton, albany, north carleton, reads corner, and confederation bridge. located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, epro, from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:  michael poczynek has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada. michael is also a developer and has an extensive background in information technology. michael is extremely entrepreneurial in nature and always on the lookout for investment and business opportunities relating to or not relating to real estate. michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300.  computer used apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
waterfront lot for sale prince edward island canada baker shore rd. grand river pei 1.1ac summerside  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is 1.1 acres of waterfront located down baker shore road in grand river. located near belmont, central lot, 16, lot 16, bayside, macdougal, sherbrooke, miscouche, tyne valley, wellington (western pei). located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and west of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
bienvenue  la pourvoirie auberge matchi-manitou, situe en abitibi, qubec pourvoirie auberge matchi-manitou, situe en abitibi, qc, prs de senneterre.    chasse, pche, dtente ...  de tout pour toute la famille.  visitez notre site web au  hunting fishing outfitter pourvoirie abitibi-tmiscamingue (administrative division) chasse peche matchi-manitou
the lighter side of dogskin lake lodge we're pretty serious about our fishing, but when you're on an island for 4 months, you've got to have a little fun.  here's some quick clips of a few great guests from illinois and arizona, as well as our staff from the past couple of days.  fyi, the guitar playing was at 10:30pm... dogskin lodge fishing manitoba music travel cliff jumping atikaki adventure
music video #1 (sweet potato fly) the first in a series of videos for my original music, this song seemed like an appropriate starting point.  i used images and video clips from my last family fishing trip to campbellford, ontario, including beautiful landscapes and some great footage of my brother mike catching a nice musky.  using a slow zoom in/out on the still images made several of them appear as if the water is actually rippling.  my goal was to use simple editing techniques and processes to produce a dreamy atmosphere. fishing video music guitar musky muskellunge acoustic canada ontario boat trent river rice lake waterway severn lock hastings havelock tubing inner tube sunset trolling casting wave waves boating paddle paddleboat toronto boats seymour
boundary waters canoe area trip 2003 we motor in through the boundary waters, stash the motor, portage, canoe, portage, and canoe to quetico canada, god's country. we catch some pretty large walleyes along the way. some of the fish are huge. canoe bwca canada quetico fishing walleye
frcn indigenous foods course uw 2016 please read the following description!   video documentary information and disclaimer follows.  the video content was obtained on treaty 5 territory at fisher river cree nation (frcn) manitoba in 2016.  note that the interview audio is not the best quality due to the recording location, so the interviews are captioned within the video.  "kinananaw kakinaw kamawacitoyak" is fisher river cree for "we belong together" and appears in the leading visual of the video.  frcn indigenous foods course uw 2016 is a video created as part of the university of winnipeg indigenous studies field course on indigenous food systems (is2001) in may 2016 at and in agreement with fisher river cree nation. shailesh shukla (waabishkaa maiingan) of indigenous studies at uw developed and taught this course in collaboration with gerald mason of charles sinclair school and elders and community members from frcn who are featured in this video.   the video is produced and shared publically with the approval of the people of fisher river cree nation (frcn) and all persons featured in the film. we gratefully acknowledge mr. winston wuttunee and turtle island music who provide consent to use the song "when the sun sets over the world".  the video was reviewed by frcn elders and interviewees on august 4 and december 12 of 2016 and was approved on the latter date.    the documentary video was initially produced and edited as a uw course deliverable by donna r. kurt with input from chelsea o'hanley in july 2016, both having no north american indigenous ancestry, and with some input from holly hladuk, who does have some north american indigenous ancestry. the documentary was further developed and edited by donna r. kurt to document existing frcn elders and community food systems status. feedback and suggestions from all the students who participated in this field course including ms. natalie bartems (masters in indigenous governance), elders and community members from frcn are acknowledged.   further information about fisher river cree nation can be obtained from the community website at   any ads that appear are due to monetization by turtle island music ( who has given permission to use winston wuttunee's song "when the sun sets over the world".    thank you for viewing this video and any comments you have to offer.  please share this video with others.  ekosani ~ meegwetch  you will find more about uw indigenous studies at this uw link:   you will find course registration information for 2017 at this uw link:    also watch the uw ethnobotany course video at:  fisher river cree nation frcn uw is2001 university of winnipeg indigenous studies elders indigenous food systems charles sinclair school shailesh shukla gerald mason donna r. kurt winston wuttunee turtle island music hunting trapping fishing gathering gardening we belong together powwow red river jig traditional food traditional ways sweat lodge outdoor education land based program youth gardens fish berries muskrat beaver ideas for change
frcn indigenous foods course uw 2016 please read the following description!   video documentary information and disclaimer follows.  the video content was obtained on treaty 5 territory at fisher river cree nation (frcn) manitoba in 2016.  note that the interview audio is not the best quality due to the recording location, so the interviews are captioned within the video.  "kinananaw kakinaw kamawacitoyak" is fisher river cree for "we belong together" and appears in the leading visual of the video.  frcn indigenous foods course uw 2016 is a video created as part of the university of winnipeg indigenous studies field course on indigenous food systems (is2001) in may 2016 at and in agreement with fisher river cree nation. shailesh shukla (waabishkaa maiingan) of indigenous studies at uw developed and taught this course in collaboration with gerald mason of charles sinclair school and elders and community members from frcn who are featured in this video.   the video is produced and shared publically with the approval of the people of fisher river cree nation (frcn) and all persons featured in the film. we gratefully acknowledge mr. winston wuttunee and turtle island music who provide consent to use the song "when the sun sets over the world".  the video was reviewed by frcn elders and interviewees on august 4 and december 12 of 2016 and was approved on the latter date.    the documentary video was initially produced and edited as a uw course deliverable by donna r. kurt with input from chelsea o'hanley in july 2016, both having no north american indigenous ancestry, and with some input from holly hladuk, who does have some north american indigenous ancestry. the documentary was further developed and edited by donna r. kurt to document existing frcn elders and community food systems status. feedback and suggestions from all the students who participated in this field course including ms. natalie bartems (masters in indigenous governance), elders and community members from frcn are acknowledged.   further information about fisher river cree nation can be obtained from the community website at   any ads that appear are due to monetization by turtle island music ( who has given permission to use winston wuttunee's song "when the sun sets over the world".    thank you for viewing this video and any comments you have to offer.  please share this video with others.  ekosani ~ meegwetch  you will find more about uw indigenous studies at this uw link:   you will find course registration information for 2017 at this uw link:  fisher river cree nation frcn uw is2001 university of winnipeg indigenous studies elders indigenous food systems charles sinclair school shailesh shukla gerald mason donna r. kurt winston wuttunee turtle island music hunting trapping fishing gathering gardening we belong together powwow red river jig traditional food traditional ways sweat lodge outdoor education land based program youth gardens fish berries muskrat beaver ideas for change
sunbury cove estates introduction video 2013; prince edward island real estate pei canada century 21 subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and get all pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: sunbury cove estates; your corner of the world to escape, relax & unwind. picture perfect views from every angle, the warm waters of the northumberland strait, golden sunsets & nature at its best make this one of the most desirable locations in pei. view of confederation bridge included free. all lots have panoramic views. see sunburycove.com for more info. only 15 min from summerside. most lots sold before advertised or on mls. some of the best lots still remain. make your offer via e-mail or fax today before it is too late.  located near linkletter, summerside, wellington, miscouche, muddy creek, ives point, sunbury cove, union corner, union corner provincial park, linkletter provincial park, st. raphael, abram village, mont carmel, and cap-egmont.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by: yakaree kevin macleod (incompetech.com) licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0  this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # various. video youtube link:  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach century21 crea sunbury cove estates atlantic ocean (geographical feature)
boating at horizons north horizons north offers clean, comfortable and affordable housekeeping cottages in a family friendly atmosphere.  our northern ontario fishing and hunting resort offers you abundant walleye/pickerel, bass and northern pike fishing on two secluded lakes.  we also offer accommodation for the avid moose, bear and small game hunters.  atv and hiking trails galore to explore when youre not fishing.  visit our webpage:  or rate us on tripadvisor:  or even follow us on facebook:  horizons north fishing resort holiday camp canada ontario boating marten river vacation summer
essaie de la princecraft yukon 2010 essaie de la princecraft yukon 2010 princecraft yukon chaloupe boat quebec beauce lund mercury outboard 9.9 chaudiere riviere outdoor boats fishing peche marine test bateau bateaux
resole your wading boots resole your own wading boots  a quick how-to vid without  requiring too much of your time. resole replace wading boots fly fishing repair boots felt boots fix waders fishing soles
536 ives miscouche 114ac waterfront/free home prince edward island waterfront real estate part 1/2 please subscribe, like, share, & comment. this is part 1 of 2 covering the land, part 2 covering the land may be found at:    |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance   this is 536 ives point road, miscouche. 114+/- waterfront acres plus a free home. only minutes from summerside in prime location with panoramic views of the bridge and northumberland strait. included 1.5 storey home, great for investment or future development. located near muddy creek, saint eleanors, st. nicholas, linkletter, union, union corner, summerside and st. raphael. located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and west of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
all season cottage rentals - schmenge's hideaway (eagle lake, ontario, canada) visit us at   we represent over 120 vacation homes in haliburton ontario canada, surrounded by some of the most beautiful scenery in the world. we'd like to share!  well loved 3 bedroom, 1 bathroom cottage with a sand beach on eagle lake.  this cottage is 900 sq ft and every inch of space of usable.  the kitchen is well equipped, the living room is cosy with a woodstove, the screened room overlooks the lake.  the yard is totally flat with a volleyball court.  wireless internet.  sand beach.  hammocks (2).  paddleboat.  canoe.  for inquiries please call (705)754-1506 or email rentals@haliburtoncottages.com  join us on facebook by searching for:  all season cottage rentals cottage rental cottage rentals rental cottage vacation home vacation home rental ontario cottage ontario rental cottage ontario rental cottages the best rental cottages haliburton family cottage rental family cottage lakefront cottage lakefornt cottage rental cottage cottage for rent summer cottage rental winter cottage rental fishing lodge lodge rental haliburton accommodation tourism (industry) holiday summer fun weekend family cabin outdoor travel canada
tour of shuswap lake, bc tour the shuswap lake region in the interior of bc. rob mckibbon, a real estate agent, realtor with c21 lifestyles has created this video to compliment his website at   many clients come from out of town and this video will give a great summary of how beautiful our region truly is.  rob also offers an excellent referral program for realtors as the majority of clients do come from other regions.  check us out at  and we'll look forward to seeing you at the shuswap soon! shuswap lake realtor salmon arm c21 bigrob shuswap real estate agent for sale selling buying waterfront lakefront military warfare concert fishing homes property real estate
pine river - angus ontario the pine river seen here near king and mill street in angus ontario. pine river angus water tourist destination tourism (interest) angus ontario pine river ontario fish fishing
greenwich canadian national park prince edward island, greenwich dunes estates, st. peters bay pei other links to greenwich videos at  and    |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is 3 lots located in greenwich dunes estates, located within the greenwich canadian national park. large waterview lots located in the greenwich national park next to a white sand beach with access to the `mobile sand dunes` walk trailing, ocean access, federal national park, swimming area, paved road runs along the bay. nothing like it in pei. excellent location. directions located near cable head, cable head east, cable head west, greenwich, st. peters, morell, lakeside, red head harbour, midgell, ashton, southampton, bangor, mount stewart, and millburn. located north east of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, east from kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
bay l'argent bay l'argent      april 2010  burin peninsula bay l'argent burin peninsula newfoundland tourism nl round counter fishing lobster home downhome outport community boats sea beauty a0e 1b0 little bay baie l'argent bay largent boat islands sailing ocean travel marine water
prince edward island real estate; why listing with another agent could end up costing you thousands!  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.   michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing kayaking golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
beef stew - bauly - backcountry meal review quick cook beef stew by bauly rated 7 out of 10.  this is our first episode and also presents our guidelines for understanding our meal review rating system.  freeze dried meal.  please comment if you have tried this meal or make a suggestion of one you like better.  you may see your suggestion in our next video.  the setting for this review is lyman lake just inside puzzle lake provincial park, canada. please rate this video.  thanks!    freeze dried camp food meal review freeze dried meal dehydrated ultra-light cooking outdoor econo challenge camping hiking paddling fishing nature backpacking camp food review quick easy beef military hiking educational outdoors recipe reviews recipes econo challenge education summer stew (type of dish) fun
amazing world famous cook kit - video response boy scouts!  this is the survival kit you always dreamed of building.  the econo challenge goes on a test hike to review the world famous kook kit by bushman of yukon.  this kit uses the world famous stainless steel mountain mug as a cooking pot.  we review this powerful ultra-light kit to see if it will work for the econo challenge.  to see the most recent version of this cook kit (2013) click this link:  ultra-light econo challenge ggreenvideos camping hiking paddling fishing nature backpacking camp review alcohol stove hobo kit survival emergency outdoor test hike canada canadian nature outdoors military fun
amazing wilderness camp chair update - video response the amazing wilderness camp / hammock chair is only available from "jeep" at econo challenge. (*see below)  to purchase, please send an email to econochallenge@live.com.  in this video we convert an amazing wilderness camp chair into an amazing wilderness hammock chair. the original video by ggreenvideos is no longer available.  the setting for this video is beautiful sixth depot lake located outside puzzle lake provincial park, canada.  thanks for watching!  to see what we are doing with this idea now - click the link below:   to see a comfortable alternative using a spreader bar, click here:   *econo challenge is not associated with any website or online retailer.  don't be fooled by misleading advertising or websites that may include our photos or videos.  amazing wilderness camp products are only available by emailing "jeep" at econochallenge@live.com amazing wilderness camp chair hammock econo challenge camping hiking fishing nature backpacking craft potable ultralight crafts guide hunting skills econo challenge outdoors summer survival fun weekend outdoor travel survival skills (tv genre)
father daughter backpacking trip - margie lake monashees, bc part 2 aside from good chats, hot cocoa and snacks, the scenery was beautiful, my daughter had a great experience and is proud to say that "i don't need to be carried". backpacking fishing hiking outdoors
aerial view of tartan rapids at prosperous lake yellowknife nt - taken july 2015. watch in hd for better viewing. enjoy! yellowknife tartan rapids beautiful awesome river lakes aerial photography (website category) drones photography dji phantom 3 spectacular fishing pike bass trout sailing boating scenic canada fishing fish rapid amazing edmonton rafting (sport) viral video arctic lake cool fly epic tourist winter kayaking (sport) largemouth bass (organism classification) catch park travel
double full rainbow.wmv a double full rainbow above our herring ponds in big bay bc just out side of prince rupert bc. thought there might be a pot of gold at the end of this one but turned out that it didnt rainbow fishing ocean prince rupert big bay british columbia herring ponds 2010 herring fishing
dec 10 , 2016...garbage on the landscape mostly outdoors stuff.someone backed their truck up here in the snow and pushed out the garbage rather than carry it to the waste site approx 3 kms away..........can you believe that? snowmobiling flying hunting fishing newfoundland canada wildlife woodworking mechanical garbage littering
friendly partridge/ptarmigan mostly outdoors stuff.partridge been around here all winter. waiting for it to faltten up but now he's gettin too friendly and some people in this house are saying the word "pet". don't know about that. snowmobiling flying hunting fishing newfoundland canada wildlife woodworking mechanical partridge ptarmigan
litlle missinabi lake landing landing in an airdale dehavilland beaver seaplane on little missinabi lake in central ontario, august 2008. seaplane ontario canada lake fishing
chicken stew - mountain house - backcountry meal review chicken stew by mountain house rated 7 out of 10. this is our first celebrity edition created and shot by ggreenvideos in the yukon, canada.  please comment if you have tried this meal or make a suggestion of one you like better.  you may see your suggestion in our next video. please rate this video.  thanks!  to see the original video on bushman of yukon channel:   freeze dried meal dehydrated ultra-light econo challenge ggreenvideos camping hiking paddling fishing nature backpacking camp food review quick easy chicken stew cooking alcohol stove yukon yukon river fun weekend survival stew (type of dish) survival skills (tv genre)
adri0090 gets 99 fishing! me getting 99 fish please enjoy :d   runescape belongs to jagex! i do not own it!  the music belongs to simoxmorocco  check him/her out they have really good house music! 99 fishing
bear scare wolves and cougars and bears oh my!  what are the risks and how do we protect ourselves while in the wilderness?  in northern ontario, the dangers are not what you think.  join our discussion and have your say.    the bear banger review  ggreenvideos      see the bear banger actually scare off some bears:      this is a very good story about a real bear attack:   bear banger review outdoor wilderness survival animal econo challenge camping hiking nature backpacking camp craft leave no trace crafts fishing guide hunting outdoors skills how to econo challenge wildlife how-to summer shooting gun
prince edward island real estate 17802 kildare capes (overview) oceanfront waterfront acreage pei (sold) please subscribe, like, share, embed, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quadcopter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: a 3 bedroom, ocean front home that sits on a 2.4 acre private lot.this home has seen some recent updates like new furnace (hot water) new domestic water pump, with some new flooring and fresh paint. a single car garage is attached.the sunrises are amazing and you can sit on the screened porch and watch the fishermen work at their trade.there are two adjoining lots(to the south and north) which can be purchased for an additional cost which will guarantee your privacy. together they provide a total of 600` of ocean front and 5 acres. one lot and main house $300,000, main lot and house with two other lots $360,000, house and lot only $225,000. bordering lots will not be sold until house property is sold first. located near north cape, sea cow pond, anglo tignish, kildare, kildare capes, judes point, tignish shore, st. felix, huntley, alberton, o'leary, northport, ascension, nail pond, waterford, pleasant view, skinners pond, and ebbsfleet. located west of charlottetown, the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13066213. video youtube link: and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment kildare capes drone gopro
lower buckhorn lake lower buckhorn lake  youtube:  facebook:   for more information on lower buckhorn lake, go to:  buckhorn lake (lake) ontario (canadian province) lake (geographical feature category) fishing lower buckhorn lake canada (country) flooding the province (newspaper) cottage country kawartha lakes (city/town/village) kawartha lakes (body of water) kawartha speedway (sports facility) muskoka lakes (city/town/village)
grilled chicken breasts and mashed potatoes - mountain house - backcountry meal review grilled chicken breasts and mashed potatoes by mountain house rated 8 out of 10. this is another celebrity edition backcountry meal review by our good friend bushman of yukon.  please comment if you have tried this meal or make a suggestion of one you like better.  you may see your suggestion in our next video. please rate this video.  thanks!    freeze dried camping food meal review    to see the original video on ggreenvideo's channel:        thank you rich for your contributions to the backcountry meal review.  for more great meal suggestions for the trail keep watching. freeze dried meal dehydrated ultra-light econo challenge ggreenvideos camping hiking paddling fishing nature backpacking camp food review quick easy chicken cooking alcohol stove yukon instructions humor instructional video howto how-to tips &amp; tricks kitchen yukon river recipe fun
macedonian fishing at belwood lake, ontario 2008 macedonian amateur fishing tournament in ontario, belwood lake 2008 08 june macedonian fishing ontario belwood lake water sport
degros marsh 55 acres for sale oceanfront waterfront prince edward island canada e. of charlottetown  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance. this is 55 acres of waterfront/oceanfront with a nice sand beach locaed in degros marsh. spectacular waterfront acreage just a few feet from a gorgeous low bank sandy beach. warmest waters north of the carolina`s. the perfect place for that waterfront cottage or year round home. huge potential with this amazing panoramic view property. buy as an investment or build. near launching, st. georges, woodville mills, cardigan, seal point, boughton island, annandale, georgetown, prince edward island (pei) canada. located east of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, east from kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
quick trip - parry sound, ontario this quick trip is to the cottage up in parry sound ontario on otter lake. it's our family cottage and it's awesome.   thought i'd do something a little different. this is the first in, hopefully, a series of videos called quick trips - short videos that put you into a place or experience.  hope you like it. let me know if you'd like to see more of this stuff! camera - sony actioncam / gopro hero 3+ silver / canon 550d mic - ebay lapel mic  hit me up! facebook -  instagram - @motordadcle twitter -   search stuff: review motovlog motovlogger motovlogging canada toronto ontario honda 250cc best starter motorbike road rage compilation camera setup helmet gopro sony actioncam as15 review tips tutorial help opinion motorcycle 250r 600rr 1000r commuter streetfighter tricolor tricolour 2011 motorcycle yamaha fz6r motorcycle cbr250 honda motovlog cbr600 yamaha fz6r cadmium toronto ontario canada motordadcle 600cc parry sound (city/town/village) cottage lake swimming fishing marshmallow
automata fishing video of an automata project depicting a young boy fishing from a cottage dock on a warm summer day. he has his dog with him who excitedly looks into the water for fish. two seagulls loiter nearby hoping to get some sort of tidbit. under the dock lurks a largemouth bass, apparently uninterested in the bait. a catfish rests deep in the shadows and a crayfish moves in and out from his lair in some rocks. unnoticed by the boy s little fish anxiously jumps at the bait just as the line is lifted and misses. more photos and video can be found at conquergoodcreative.com automata conquergood conquergoodcreative fishing labrador retriever catfish fish largemouth bass boy wooden wood toy carving
16 longview cymbria prince edward island canada pei beach house ocean view water west charlottetown (sold) please subscribe, like, share, embed, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and high resolution photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: beauty, tranquility and location. two story four-bedroom house located in esteemed grand pere point, cymbria. panoramic views of rustico bay and countryside. located next door to a golf and tennis club. close by to national beaches. move right in; house is fully furnished with french country antique furniture. the house features, hardwood floors, and a detached garage. large deck with views. a must see! located near cymbria, rustico, rustico harbour, cavendish beach, north rustico, st. ann, new glasgow, hunter river, stanley bridge, hope river, anglo rustico, oyster bed bridge, winsloe, milton, wheatley river, rustico bay & millvale. located west of charlottetown, and east of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13068662. my youtube channel is at  this video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment cymbria water
beaver mines lake provincial recreation area camping at beaver mines lake alberta.  weekend before may long.  good weather, nice and hot, no crowds :-) camping mountains lake fishing alberta hiking
 . sunny day in alberta in alberta we start sunbathing before snow melts down sunny day in alberta   sunbathe fishing
jones lake, bc 2016 beautiful camping trip at jones lake. bc canada hope outdoor camping firewood gopro hd 2016 joneslake tent fishing crayfish beer bong crazy drunk sunshine beautiful best summer fresh bbq high
beaverstone bay to killarney via collins inlet time lapse georgian bay time lapse of the route from beaverstone bay (near pisa rk bouy d96) through collins inlet around philip edwards island to killarney sportsman's inn. located in the 30,000 islands region of northern georgian bay. the wide angle of the gopro makes inlet look wider than it is. still couldn't find the indian markings on the rock wall that's mentioned everywhere. killarney sportsman's inn killarney mountain lodge collins inlet george island philip edward island 30000 islands georgian bay beaverstone bay lake huron canada ontario boating cruising gopro time lapse provincial park ghost town fishing sea ray kayak
jumping beaver dam in northern ontario how to get through a beaver dam boat lake beaver dam fishing norhtern ontario portage
grand bank, nf grand bank, newfoundland, canada grand bank newfoundland canada burin peninsula atlantic ocean fortune bay nl nf photography travel nfld culture architecture down home fish plant adventure destination nature fishing b&b church salvation army anglican harris house high school john burke fishery history historic boat sailing
fishing sinker artwork watch and listen as gregory explains the process he uses to create his lead "sinker sculpture"...... from finding the fishing sinkers underwater to the mold casting. fishing great lakes artwork sculpture gregory a.d. go with the flow productions fishing sinkers lead sinker michigan fish drawing painting outdoor sports greg lashbrook artist diving
birch hill waterfront acres/lot for sale west of summerside/charlottetown prince edward island pei reduced to $29,600. please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance   this is birch hill waterfront acreage building lot. an exceptional lot with almost 2 acres fully treed land.  can be custom tailored to your building project.  could potentially be the nicest lot in the community with the best views located at the end of the road on a cape. please see listing agent for more aerial photos and a hd video where he walks the entire parcel.  the price is very competitive for a quick sale. lots happening in this community, and a great location near summerside. located near  bayside, grand river, malpeque bay, wellington centre, wellington, lot 16, belmont lot 16, macdougall, arlington, and miscouche. located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and west of summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
herod lake a look at the herod lake outpost. canada ontario nestor falls fishing lake fly-in travel herod herod lake outpost lodge cabin
(sold) 319 queens pt grand tracadie prince edward island pei real estate century 21 waterfront please subscribe, like, share, embed, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and high resolution photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: grand tracadie: secluded waterfront cottage on tracadie bay, facing high dunes with views of tracadie harbor, the bay and the ocean beyond. off queens point road, gated driveway through 10.6 acres of spruce forest partly cleared in 2002 and now growing up in native trees. wood sided cottage with open space living/dining/kitchen area, 2 bedrooms and a loft, 3/4 bathroom, an outdoor shower and a 10x30 ft. screened porch facing the water. entire cottage designed for minimum maintenance, including high quality aluminum clad windows. lawns and plantings also designed for limited maintenance. stairs down to water from 6-8 foot bluff for access to beach and boating. dune area is all national park, mostly accessible only by water. a simple, well made cottage in a unique and spectacular location, with passing mussel boats the only worldly intrusion. third bedroom is a loft. located near charlottetown, dalvay, stanhope, mill cove, tracadie bay, grand tracadie, corran bay, donaldston, bedford, dunstaffnage, covehead road, west covehead, brackley beach, covehead bay, york, and blooming point.  located in north of charlottetown, and east of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13068764.  my youtube channel is at   this video youtube link:  and  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
(sold) 60 moore road victoria west prince edward island real estate for sale pei canada summerside reduced $239,900 as of 10/13/12.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is 60 moore road in victoria west.  residential - older home completely renovated with additions added. this house has 7 bedrooms and 5 bathrooms. 120 acres waterfront. located near north enmore, enmore, springhill, richmond, mount pleasant, st. chrysostome, urbainville, abram village, and ellerslie (western pei). located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and west of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
elk island lodge - gods lake, mb - 2016 elk island lodge on god's lake, in northern manitoba, canada is a remote fly in fishing lodge that has fantastic fishing for northern pike, walleye, lake trout and brook trout. godslake fishing manitoba flyin trout walleye northern elkisland resort
ifaw seal program director sheryl fink on seal products in this short video produced on location in newfoundland, canada, international fund for animal welfare seal program director sheryl fink talks about seal products and the world's lack of interest in buying them. for more information on how you can help end canada's cruel commercial seal hunt, visit  seals sealing canada trade wto ifaw hunting fishing fisheries management policy wildlife marine mammals cute
amphibious boats canada presents sealegs in action - collingwood ontario, canada imagine driving your boat off a trailer and straight into the water. imagine driving your boat from your driveway, a parking lot or even your garage and straight into the water. then, at the push of a button you retract the wheels and your gone boating. imagine approaching a shoreline to explore, at the push of a button once more sealegs amphibious capablities spring into action by lowering 3 wheels much like an aircraft landing gear does! imagine again, driving up onto land from the water to explore, camp or have a waterside lunch!  time to go home, drive your sealegs amphibious boat with its patented amphibious technology back into the water, raise the wheels and power up the boat. it's that simple - with "less hassle and a lot more fun"!     imagine no more! it's here! sealegs amphibious boats have just driven ashore in canada for the first time ever in 2009!     amphibious boats canada and sealegs......"will leave you breathless with exctiment rather than effort"! sealegs canada amphibious boat marine boat boating craft land water recreation commercial rescue drive explore camping fishing water skiing
woodland caribou park with harriet and jori harriet carlson and jori von bullmoose take a canoe trip into woodland caribou park in 2010..... it's all about the food.  for more adventures go to viking island at   for stories from the park and red lake go to my blog at     (music by the fishing musicians) woodland caribou park fishing red lake ontario viking island viking red lake enid harriet carlson jori von ballmoos canada travel log outdoors tourism
greenwich dunes estates greenwich national park prince edward island real estate for sale pei  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance. this is a building lot located in greenwich, next to the greenwich national park near st. peters, prince edward island canada. near cable head, cable head east, cable head west, st. peters, red head, goose river, monticello, midgell, morell, marie, prince edward island (pei) canada. located north east of charlottetown, north east of the confederation bridge in borden, north east from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
northumberland condos downtown charlottetown prince edward island real estate canada pei #307 please subscribe, like, share, embed, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and high resolution photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: the northumberland condos -- unit 307. the northumberland offers a perfect blend of practicality and style previously unseen in charlottetown's downtown. size, price and central location, combined with heritage-inspired stone exterior, create a truly unique residential landmark. elegant, luxurious and tasteful. the northumberland lives up to you and life you aspire to. if making a strong yet subtle statement is your style, this is your new home. top quality construction with air conditioning, storage units, 2 elevators, security entrance, fitness facilities, access to guest suite and more. condo fees include heat. the victoria is available on levels 1,2,3,4. the victoria is excellent for entertaining. good sized rooms and large sized terrace. there is a study with an adjoining bath which could be an additional bedroom. located near charlottetown, cornwall, hampshire, rocky point, stratford, milton, marshfield, winsloe, north winsloe, dunedin, clyde river, new haven, hillsborough river, hyde point, kingston, churchill, west river, cumberland, and fairview. located in charlottetown, and east of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, peirea mls id # 13068632. my youtube channel is at  this video youtube link:  intro:   unit 301:  unit 307:  unit 407:  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
carpe lac saint-pierre saison 2012.wmv voici quelques moments de pche de cette saison 2012 au lac saint pierre, qubec, canada. une saison inoubliable...  le lac saint-pierre constitue en ralit un largissement du saint laurent. il se divise en plusieurs bras  sorel, dcoupant ainsi les les du lac. ces diffrents bras se rejoignent alors pour former le lac, puis le fleuve reprend sa morphologie au niveau de trois-rivires. class rserve mondiale de la biosphre, le lac saint pierre et ses les affirment donc leur grande richesse : plus de 70 espces de poissons, dont 8 sportives : carpe, esturgeon jaune, achigan petite et grande bouche (bass et black bass), dors jaunes et noirs (sandres), maskinong & brochet.   la pourvoirie du lac saint pierre se situe au coeur des les, lui offrant un incroyable territoire de jeu, capable de ravir n'importe quel pcheur : que vous soyez un inconditionnel du carnassier et des pches actives ou bien dsireux de piquer quelques belles communes vierges sur des spots sauvages lors de sessions mmorables, cette destination est faite pour vous...osez l'aventure et affrontez le saint laurent!   autres espces prsentes dans la video :  -achigans petite et grande bouche (bass) -dors jaunes et noirs -maskinong (1.30 m, 40 lbs) -brochet -poisson castor   musique : the glitch mob - we can make the world stop carpe quebec lac saint pierre pourvoirie gopro fishing carp peche maskinong achigan canada
annonce concours 1000 abonns + annonce f.a.q / tirage + f.a.q   25 mai 2016 merci d'tre aussi nombreux  nous suivre!! nous voulons vous remerciez en faisant un tirage d'article de pche le 25 mai 2016! suite  nos 1000 abonns, nous allons en profiter pour que vous nous posiez vos questions pour mieux nous connatre.  concours : pour participer au concours c'est trs simple, vous devez tre abonn et inscrire dans les commentaires ( je participe).  f.a.q : posez nous toutes les questions que vous voulez pour apprendre  mieux nous connatre. concours pche f.a.q abonn 1000 fishing annonce tirage
monster pike my brother jordan hooked into this big jack at costigan lake sk jackfish fishing lake fly big catch saskatchewan 45 inches 23 lbs boat legend extreme 18 costigan sask northern pike jordan #abbottoutfitters outfitter monster monsters huge hooked spoon rod reel camping tenting mercury helly hanson monstars big sloughsharks sharks massive fishes bay shallow lucky beast mode video picture netting nets outdoors up north tisdale estevan costiganlake lodge hammered good times fillet happy tough days off holidays fishingtrip trip canada olympus fox
greenwich prince edward island, sand dunes, national park, lot for sale, $62,000. pei reduced to $49,999 (7/25/13).  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.  this is a building lot in greenwich dunes estates located near st. peters pei.  asking $62,000. surrounded by the newest national park; greenwich. located 9 minutes east of summerside, 20 minutes north of charlottetown, 90 minutes east of the confederation bridge in borden, 90 minutes from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  camera used was a canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
pacific playgrounds rv campground oyster river bc vancouver vancouver island rv park, campground and marina, family vacation video of this amazing campground north of courtenay, bc on the oyster river, brought to you by  east-side  island on the georgia straight, swimming, tubing, fishing, boating holidays vancouver island campground marina family fun rv park swimming courtenay bc vacation fishing tubing
chinook populations preserved at good hope cannery       follow gord kurbis on twitter:  ctv news ctv vancouver island civi channel 12 television gord kurbis good hope cannery chinook fishing fish populations rivers inlet fishing trip
a pair of whale tales from vancouver island goes viral    port alberni - a pair of amazing fish tales are making the rounds on the west coast of vancouver island after two groups of anglers caught some breathtaking close encounters with whales.  shirley antonelli and her husband were fishing near the broken group islands off the coast of ucluelet on a two day trip on their double eagle boat when they got the scare of their life. a gray whale suddenly surfaced inches from the front of their boat, before swimming under the vessel and nearly sending the two anglers into the ocean.   the entire encounter was caught on tape.  weeks earlier a fishing charter off the coast of tofino got a first hand view of a humpback whale breaching. a client on board the boat caught the amazing mother nature show on tape and sent the company the footage.  follow chandler grieve on twitter:  ctv news ctv vancouver island civi channel 12 television vancouver island whale watching fishing trip chandler grieve shirley antonelli tofino ucluelet
seine boat fraser river from  seine boat, the 'western rainbow' in the fraser river. seine boat travel boating fish fishing ocean fraser river
dip net fishing in cape-breton dip net fishing in a small pond off the bras d'or lake in cape-breton nova-scotia. all fish were returned to the water alive, none were kept or harmed. - we spotted the small puddle full of smelts from the road up a hill and ran down the hill with a dip net. there were probably 1000+ fish in the puddle and if we had a dip net with smaller holes you could have gotten a full net every swipe. fishing cape breton cape breton nova scotia nova scotia canada smelts dip net dipping fish bras d'or pond water spring
boat ride on mister lake going back to camp manitou canada fishing trip to camp manitou in northwest ontario. multispecies action.   ontario fishing trip canada boat ride lower manitou lake
kalamalka lake okanagan british columbia fall 2009 kalamalka lake provincial park in the okanagan, british  columbia. what more can i say - breathtakingly beautiful!     music by jason shaw kalamalka lake provincial park british columbia vacations destinations traveling canada olympics 2010 touring hiking mountain biking fishing hotels camping hiking parks real estate sailing bird watching water sports boating rentals skiing snowboarding cold stream vernon yt:crop=16:9 bcfieldreporterjcv jcv jcvdude localsknow ctc canadiantourism videos production kelowna bc new media news thompson okanagan holiday travel packages tourismbc hellobc
september boys of edmonton - okanagan bound the never ending summer, it is late september, officialy it's now the fall and we are still suntanning and swiming in our okanagan lakes. this is the real canada that many people around the world don't know about.  we are your window to the okanagan and british columbia.  music by jason shaw audionautix.com kalamalka lake provincial park british columbia vacations destinations traveling canada olympics 2010 touring hiking mountain biking fishing hotels camping hiking relocation real estate sailing bird watching water sports boating rentals skiing snowboarding cold stream vernon yt:crop=16:9 bcfieldreporterjcv jcv jcvdude localsknow ctc canadiantourism videos production kelowna bc new media news thompson okanagan holiday travel packages tourismbc hellobc
hebrides new london prince edward island real estate pei canada century 21 waterfront for sale subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and get all pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: waterfront lot in very desirable subdivision called the hebrides along the north shore of pei. this south west exposure parcel is just waiting for you to begin enjoying those warm ocean breezes while relaxing on your very own private red sandy beach. the hebrides is located in between new london and stanley bridge and offers a variety of activities for both the young and old. 9 hole par 3 golf course, heated pool, 2 tennis courts, shuffle board courts, club house, pool table, plus maintenance services of grassing cutting, water all for a reasonable price of $650 per year. plus with also 40 miles of river around the hebrides to boat and enjoy without having to go out to the gulf of st. lawrence. don't miss out on this fantastic opportunity to be a part of a wonderful seasonal community here on pei. located near the atlantic ocean, new london, cavendish, cavendish beach, north shore waterfront, springbrook, stanley bridge, hope river, new london bay, clinton, margate, grahams road, irishtown, long river, and french river.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers royalty free music provided by: retro future clean kevin macleod (incompetech.com)  licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.   this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13067573. video youtube link:  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
a bearable drive - tahsis to campbell river, bc, canada photos and video along the road from tahsis, bc, canada, on vancouver island to campbell river. a scenic drive with mountains, rivers, lakes, and wildlife, including black bears, deer, elk, etc.     on this drive, i find a cooperative black bear that is foraging for food along the side of the road.    tahsis, bc is known for it's great salmon fishing.    jim pook, tahsis, bc -  black bear tahsis vancouver island west coast salmon fishing mountains campbell river rain forest 2010 olympics
hiking in british columbia - walk with the wildlife! we have been to this lake ( alleyne lake) twice in two years and each time we encountered deer right in the campground.  what keeps drawing us back here is the absolutely amazing blue color of the water, its like the caribbean without the palm trees or warm temp., it was only 9c before the sun came out. nicola merritt lake fishing camping wildlife nature hiking hotel motel travel 1080ihd video locals know rv camper trailer motorhome getaway provincial campground canadian waterfoul birdwatching tours optics binoculars holidays trip vacation packages getaways kane valley kentucky-alleyne provincial park harmon lake cross-country x-c ski trails nordic club small boats cycling quilchena agritourism yolo jcv jcvdude freelance hd tourism videographer kelowna
pointe-du-moulin, ile perrot, qc  fishing
east point, prince edward island, fishing boats & surf east point, prince edward island, fishing boats & surf with moggie east point prince edward island fishing boats surf
horses playing in the snow horses at the ponderosa resort at canim lake, bc playing in the snow. canim lake snow horses winter playing
hydravion pourvoirie pletipi fishing resort  a look at different locations around lake pletipi and fishing lodges. northern pike and lake trout video's highlights the beauty and power of those magnificent fish's. they are captured in the cold waters of lake pletipi quebec. this is fishing at its best and one of the top 10 location for anyone planning a fishing vacation. adventure travel canada fishing trip pche lake pletipi pltipi brochet northern pike truite grise trout floatplane hydravion resort pourvoirie outfitters vacance voyage camps cabins music johnny cash willie nelson john hewitt  
cannery closure, prince rupert bc workers speak out about the closure of jim pattison canadian fishing company's oceanside cannery in prince rupert.  most are indigenous. they are asking the canadian government to legislate policies to keep fish processing local.  adjacency - process next to where the catch is; owner-operator - fisher who owns the license, fishes it (not leased by the processors); fleet separation - keep the fleet separate or not owned or controlled by the fish buyers.  three policies to keep fishing and processing within the local communities. cfc canfisco pattison ufawu unifor oceanside cannery fish processing adjacency owner-operator fleet separation local ownership local control community b.c. fishery north coast salmon herring groundfish fish plant closure job loss aboriginal rights fishing first nations first nations fishery shoreworkers commercial fishery prince rupert
birch hill waterfront for sale 1.93ac solomon s/d oceanfront prince edward island canada beach pei reduced to $29,600., new mls #14072487. 5/5/14.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is 1.93 acres of waterfront acres located in birch hill in the solomon sub division. located near grand river, port hill, belmont, central lot, 16, lot 16, bayside, macdougal, sherbrooke, miscouche, tyne valley, wellington (western pei). located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and west of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
motorboat dem rapids!+pearl jam a few years ago the oldest son and i took a pearl jam + fishing vacation.  we flew to vancouver and enjoyed the city for a few days, then caught the vancouver pj show.  next morning we flew to saskatoon, saskatchewan, caught some puddle jumpers, ending-up in  la ronge, saskatchewan, 500 miles north of the canadian border.  at la ronge, the folks from "angler rapids" fishing lodge sent a float plane.  after a half hour flight up the churchill river we came to angler rapids, a rustic yet comfortable lodge in a gorgeous wilderness setting.  september days at angler rapids are crisp & clear.  nights with an autumn moon reflecting off the water and a sky full of stars are impossibly beautiful.  (in other seasons visitors get displays from aurora borealis).  but it's the waterway that is truly impressive.  the water here is always churning underneath your boat.  this fast, cold rushing current provides angler rapids with some of the best walleye & northern pike fishing we've experienced.  after 3 days of fantastic fishing, cooking our catch outdoors over open wood-fires, we had to make our way back home.  but it was ok, we caught pearl jam again, this time in saskatoon, from the 2nd row, stone's side of the stage. pearl-jam fishing motorboat walleye northern pike vancouver saskatoon saskatchewan angler-rapids
tour of locke bay on the winnipeg river between kenora and minaki ontario enjoy an evening boat tour around the locke bay area. locke bay is located on the winnipeg river between kenora and minaki in northwestern ontario, canada. the boat ride was filmed on the labour day long weekend in 2010. locke bay fishing winnipeg river oldford road olson road kenora minaki ontario canada muriel lake
"real life with lauren veach" taking off in seaplane for port hardy, british columbia no words necessary! sitting next to pilot, best seat in plane baby! won my seat by "arm wrestling" the guy behind kerry. ok... he let me win! fishing in british columbia  was #6 on my bucket list! you don't want to know what #1 is! the best halibut & salmon fishing in the world! stay tuned to the the next episode of "real life with lauren veach" as one of our "real liffers" uses a tranquilizer gun to sedate me as we board a monster plane for england and ireland! omg! i hate to fly, but my desire to see "real" leprechauns dwarfs any fear i have about flying thousands of miles over vast water to come face to face with the "little dudes!" join us for all the allure and adventure you can stand.  check my facebook as we will be posting there in "real time"! here we go again!!!! fishing fun motivational scenic bucket list women men life jimmy buffet plane live love inspire real estate lauren veach canada vancouver real estate (industry) self business training industry (quotation subject) fishing adventure courage success humor
let's go outdoors: season two - episode 1 welcome to let's go outdoors! this half-hour television runs for 13 weeks on ctv two in alberta sunday evenings at 6pm and on discovery channel wednesdays at 6pm eastern time. visit our website at  for more information.  this week we go dog sledding, boating, fishing, and into the classroom for hunter education. dog sledding snow owl tours rocky mountains rocky mountain house fishing boating speed boats let's go outdoors devon energy michael short outdoors outdoor recreation alberta canada conservation boat dogs sled dogs huskies elma mehmedbegovic mary hulbert cabela's alberta tourism alberta parks hunter education
ride along with fish and wildlife officers - season three - part 1 a day in the life of an alberta fish and wildlife officer in edmonton. though they focus on fish and wildlife, they must be prepared for anything. they enforce many federal and provincial acts and regulations, and even the criminal code. we ride along and see several lawbreakers caught in the act. michael short let's go outdoors outdoors alberta devon energy dow royal alberta museum alberta tourism alberta parks canada fishing angling north saskatchewan river (body of water) edmonton criminal code fishing regulations alberta fishing regulatins enforcement lawbreaker law wildlife mary hulbert ep01
boat inspection stations at alberta lakes boat inspection stations at some key entry points to alberta, as well as roving inspections are the new reality in an effort to prevent zebra mussels and other aquatic invasive species from entering alberta's lakes, rivers and streams. michael short let's go outdoors outdoors alberta canada zebra mussel boating sylvan lake water craft fishing sniffer dogs angling boat trailers clean drain dry inspection camping lakes vacation stream river aquatic invasive species
wilderness tarpon 120 fishing kayak my setup for the wilderness tarpon 120. set up for fishing and kayaking in many different waterways. kayaking sports howto tarpon120 fishing
take a tour of big sand lake lodge, manitoba canada pike fishing, pike, trout, fishing, walleye, fishing, arctic grayling, fish, moose hunting, watch this short 2 minute tour of big sand lake lodge, manitoba canada. canada's top fly in fishing lodge.        call rick bohna at big sand lake lodge pike lodge fish fishing resort manitoba hunting moose bear ganglers nueltin aikens lake lodge aikens lake lodge
northumberland condos downtown charlottetown prince edward island real estate canada pei #407 please subscribe, like, share, embed, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and high resolution photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: the northumberland condos -- unit 407. the northumberland offers a perfect blend of practicality and style previously unseen in charlottetown's downtown. size, price and central location, combined with heritage-inspired stone exterior, create a truly unique residential landmark. elegant, luxurious and tasteful. the northumberland lives up to you and life you aspire to. if making a strong yet subtle statement is your style, this is your new home. top quality construction with air conditioning, storage units, 2 elevators, security entrance, fitness facilities, access to guest suite and more. condo fees include heat. the victoria is available on levels 1,2,3,4. the victoria is excellent for entertaining. good sized rooms and large sized terrace. there is a study with an adjoining bath which could be an additional bedroom. located near charlottetown, cornwall, hampshire, rocky point, stratford, milton, marshfield, winsloe, north winsloe, dunedin, clyde river, new haven, hillsborough river, hyde point, kingston, churchill, west river, cumberland, and fairview. located in charlottetown, and east of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, peirea mls id # 13068633. my youtube channel is at  this video youtube link:  intro:   unit 301:  unit 307:  unit 407:  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres
glacier bay country inn - gustavus, alaska we are located in quiet gustavus alaska, the gateway to glacier bay national park and home to some of the best alaska fishing charters, wildlife, and scenery that you will find in all of alaska. the lodge rests on 160 acres of alaskan rain forest and beautiful meadows overlooking snow covered mountains. if you are wanting to experience alaska, there is no better place to visit. we are confident that you will not regret spending your vacation with us at this luxury alaska fishing lodge.  glacier bay national park and preserve (protected site) alaska halibut fishing salmon fishing kayaking whale watching bear watching freshwater fishing saltwater fishing gustavus alaska gourmet food
amazing encounter at cowan lake sk while enjoying a day of fishing we spotted something unusual in the water... when we got closer we couldn't believe our eyes! shores on cowan cowan lake sk fishing saskatchewan (canadian province) cabin lake canada (country) cowan lake boat water front holiday summer cottage (accommodation type) fun weekend family
y2003 robert lake s, ontario, canada wilderness (part 1 of 2) part 1 of 2    if you ever wanted to journey for a fly-in outpost fishing experience this video is for you. it will provide a close up view of what you can expect, at least with the outfitter we use (canadian fly-in, cff).     i made this in y2003 when we fished robert lake south. it was my fishing companions first trip north and my third. i've since gone seven times, all with the same outfitter.    i had to split the original video to fit within you tupe's time confines. it is a total of just over 19 minutes.    during some down time, reserve some time, get your refreshment of choice, get comfy and enjoy.    thanks for watching. walleye outpost fishing ontario pike canadian fly-in crappie anglers of texas fishing
chimo lodge red lake ontario hornby lake tour fishing tour of chimo lodge's hornby lake outpost. floatplane fly-in fishing chimo lodge ontario canada walleye northern pike floatplane outpost outfitter
gullrock lake - ontario, canada heading back to golden hook camp after fishing on gullrock lake in ontario, canada.  sony action cam action cam ontario canada gull rock lake boat gullrock lake fishing rain storm
nakina  may 2011 driving around nakina ontario..you tuber request video. nakina ontario canada pennocks tourists fishing may 24 wknd travel adventure nature
outdoors with chase episode 2 trolling for trout on the upper revelstoke lake. fishing revelstoke outdoors with geoff
oso grizzlie intentando pescar salmones en fish creek (hyder, alaska) oso grizzlie intentando pescar salmones con poco xito en el ro salmn (salmon river), concretamente en fish creek que pertenece a hyder, alaska (2/sep/2008)    hay momentos en los que se le ve muy cerca y es increble la velocidad que llega a alcanzar corriendo en el agua. ni de coa te escapas como te cruces en su camino  __________________    grizzlie bear trying -unsuccessfully- to fish salmon at fish creek (salmon river) in hyder, alaska (2/sep/2008)    we were really close to the bear in some shots. the speed of the bear when running in the river was amazing. no way to escape if you get in his way... oso bear pescar cazar pescando cazando fishing salmon salmones fish creek grizzly alaska river rio hyder chasing persiguiendo perseguir
newfoundland scenery (sugarloaf trail, ship harbour) at the top of the sugarloaf, overlooking ship harbour, placentia bay. the crappy camera does not do it justice! newfoundland placentia mountain fjord ocean scenery ship harbour hiking
one year rv trip, prince edward island, deep sea fishing more fun videos at  rv trip travel motorhome hoamteam blogger children kids spa deep sea fishing
fishing thalia lake bc beautiful lake near merritt bc thalia lake fishing thalia (city/town/village) british columbia (canadian province)
leighton lake may 2012 a may long weekend getaway in leighton lake, bc.  great fishing, shooting, delicious food, a cute puppy and great friends and family. camping (club interest) drinking shooting guns may (month) holiday weekend firearm (sports equipment) family survival outdoor travel beer tent fun trout fishing lake
visit port dover - april 2013 visit port dover in early spring to fish off the pier, walk the beach, have some lake erie perch at one of our great restaurants, or do some shopping. port dover is located in norfolk county, ontario, canada. more at  norfolk county port dover erie beach hotel knechtels dover ontario canada beach fishing pier shopping dining lake erie
east bull lake a recent trip to the area north of massey, ontario.  we stayed at east bull lake lodge and spent time hunting fish. massey bull lake fishing sled ice ontario
chimo lodge red lake ontario fishing main lodge tour birgit describes the check-in, floatplane flight and facilities at the chimo lodge's main outpost. fishing ontario chimo lodge red lake floatplane walleye northern trophy pike main outpost adventure
big lake in skagit county big lake is one of my more favorite lakes to visit, despite the fact that i have not personally had much luck there. but there are some big bass in this lake and a ton of nice habitat. the lake has a very good reputation for crappie, also.     the launch is rough and sandy in spots so bigger boats beware. also, watch out for the winds which can get whipping up this long lake.     check out the south end liily pads for some big bass! washington fishing lakes bass trout panfish
norfolk southern railroad:  backhoe tricks with jeff a.snyder navarre, ohio part time signalman & full time professional fisherman. j. a. snyder  stretching the n.s. backhoe is a great way to get it ready for a good days work. it's almost as fun as fishing for bass. j. a. snyder jeff fish fishing train railroad pacific amtrak bever ricky robinson gary durant freight motor sports truck howto tips & tricks off-road vehicles help station offroad 4x4 software mud nsc csx bellevue believe it or not willard brewster wle wheeling lake erie conrail toledo oak harbor trains washington seattle norfolk southern railways western ohio track tricks line virginia maryland baltimore west thing
ifaw canadian commercial seal hunt - newfoundland opening day in this brief video produced on location by the international fund for animal welfare hunt watch team, ifaw director, seal program sheryl fink reports in from "the front" off the coast of newfoundland, canada. canada (country) seals sealing dfo fisheries canada ifaw cruelty pelts fur sealers boats fishing management animals
returning to the french river (part 2 of 2) after a beautiful day on the georgian bay, video by greg j. returning to the french river delta. french river georgian bay discoveron explorersedge great canadian wilderness fishing
let's go outdoors tv show: episode 13 welcome to let's go outdoors! this half-hour television series is the part of the lgo programming line up. the 13 week series runs on ctv two in alberta sunday evenings at 6:30 pm. visit our website at  for more information.  episode 13 was the last for season one.  season two will begin airing february 2013. binoculars brad fenson 3d archery bow hunting camp he ho ha aheia alford lake hunting provincial hunting day fishing gun safety mobile apps moose university of alberta back country camping random camping sour gas wells may long weekend partying wetlands conservation officers sage grouse southern alberta land management practices endangered species
bateau de pche polar kraft 1910 pro tc. 200 e-tec b r p mon bateau de pche 2012 avec un  moteur 200 hp evinrude e-tec en promenade avec un seadoo. can-am 260 hp  cuilliere  chapais fishing fishing trip can-am. kraft. voyage minkota. poisson bombardier trip evinrude. pche vacance aventurer lacs baies fish fish food fishing rode bateau de pche dor canne a peche attraper ddu poison catch polar outdoor e-tec. country aventure camping boats. lake peche humminbird lac cacht extrieur
sasaginnigak lake, manitoba black bear swimming to an island in atikaki park sasaginnigak northway aviation black bear black bear swimming fishing
alberta's $14 billion irrigation network at risk from zebra mussels water resources in alberta's southern region and the network that delivers this precious resource could be at risk if zebra mussels find their way into the kilometers of pipes. michael short let's go outdoors outdoors alberta irrigation zebra mussel (organism classification) aquatic invasive species fishing water quality water pipes environment alberta environment and parks canals recreational boating reservoir aquatic habitat habitat conservation (organization sector) canada
103 winnies way springbrook waterfront house for sale prince edward island pei canada charlottetown please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: welcome to beautiful blue heron home.ready to occupy, this unique, custom built, professionally landscaped, executive beachfront cottage. quiet location in the heart of anne`s land, less than 20 minutes to cavendish and 9 golf courses. after a long beach walk, relax and enjoy awesome ocean/river views, dunes, red cliffs and rolling countryside. 2 large screened - in rooms, one private off the master. huge deck, veranda, hardwood floors, big kitchen with island, and tons of cupboard space. island stone wood fireplace, air conditioned, winterized and accessible year round. development potential for more rooms, bathroom, fireplace/wood stove in roughed in basement with large windows. fantastic property. additional features and more details available at lbo. rte. 20 from new london for approx 3.5 km on right side. located near french river, long river, new london, hebrides, cavendish, cavendish beach, new london bay, stanley bridge, hope river, mayfield, north granville, millvale, north rustico, clinton, and margate.  located north west of charlottetown, north east of the confederation bridge in borden, east from kensington and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada.   michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, and prince edward island real estate board (peirea) mls # 13067136.  video youtube link:  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video
summer activities in alberta discover summer in alberta, from outdoor adventures in breathtaking landscapes, to world-class festivals and cultural events, there's something here for everyone to celebrate.   for more information about things to do in alberta visit:    song/artist: "roam"/wil mimnaugh travel alberta summer travel canada alberta fishing horseback riding nature tourism vacation western aboriginal hiking jasper banff lake louise folk fest calgary edmonton crescent falls
valley of the five lakes valley of the five lakes near jasper, alberta in the canadian rockies tourism hiking mountain national travel park mountains nature trail fishing
netley marsh lake winnipeg manitoba  lake winnipeg marsh hunting fish fishing canada
8 raymond mont carmel prince edward island real estate for sale cottage west of summerside pei lots please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: enjoy the sounds of the waves and the surf in the morning from this cozy, peaceful and tranquil cottage. this 20 year old cottage is situated on .8 acres of land, minutes walking distance from the beach and only 20 to 25 minute drive to summerside for all your amenity needs. cottage has been insulated with an electric heater allowing for an extended season of approximately 8 months here on pei. this 2 bedroom furnished cottage has a reshingled roof in 2005 and has a 3 bedroom septic system allowing the new owner the opportunity to extend and build on to cottage if needed. this affordable cottage would be ideal for those who like to summer on the island and winter down south. located near union corner, st. rahael, union corner provincial park, cap egmont, maximeville, abram-village, wellington, st. nicholas, linkletter, urbainville, richmond, st-chrysostome, region evangeline, and bedeque bay. located west of charlottetown, the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada.   michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, and prince edward island real estate board crea (peirea) mls # 12061870. video youtube link:  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment
grass river lodge, reed lake, manitoba, canada a big storm sweeps across the lake on tne evening of june 10, 2012. fishing grass river lodge home of the big northern reed lake storm
promotional video by seriousnews video production   tomahawk resort hired seriousnews to shoot a promotional video for their resort.  the video was designed to show customers all the amenities that the resort has to offer.  seriousnews is a winnipeg based video production company.  seriousnews winnipeg, manitoba 204.771-4794 info@seriousnews.ca video winnipeg audio editing advertising agency promotional marketing corporate fishing resort visuals production editor
calm. peace and tranquility  in the morning - christina lake! not new zealand or the alps, it's the mountains of bc and the destination is christina lake. minutes from the canada us border in the kootenay boundary region is christina lake. vacation homes dot the shore line, some accessible only by boat, this is one of the favourite vacation destinations of people from alberta, usa and bc it is also where zi have collected my best videos of hummingbirds. spectacular. christina lake kootenay boundry videos cascade falls gorge grand forks nelson chickadee videography rv sites camping climbing biking hiking kokanee trout bass fishing touring wakeboarding kayaking beaches water sports nature wildlife bc tourism hellobc lodges b&b kootenays canadian rockies national parks vacations hotels motels caribbean jcvdude localsknow video production kelowna new media artist big horn bear cougar sheep bird watching boat rentals deer hummingbirds tourismbc yt:crop=16:9
brebeuf lake landing cessna 172 floatplane northern ontario gogama sudbury landing on brebeuf lake cessna 172 floatplane watershed gogama sudbury cessna 172 floatplane brebeuf lake sudbury flying seaplane fishing landing
boating from wine lake towards wabaskang lake driving through a river between wine lake and wabaskang lake. river canada fishing lodge
poplar grove fishing camp a glance of  poplar grove fishing camp water front cottages resort fishing camp poplar grove bass walleye perch crappie boat rent rental musky ski swimming buckhorn lake
pulling the anchor learn how to pull an anchor using the boat. mark warner walks you through the process as you watch a demonstration. self-guided fishing boat anchor anchor pull alaska fishing fishing boat fishing doc warners fishing lodge
anglo rustico building lot for sale prince edward island real estate century 21 canada pei acreage please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: this extra large building lot is simply a great deal and a result of a bankruptcy. previously on the market for $80,000, it has now been reduced to the new very low price of $22,000 for a quick liquidation.  it is situated in a mature cottage and year round home location surrounded by nice cottages and homes, access to a beach, and includes views of rustico harbour.  be sure to watch the attached video.  press on the multimedia button for a complete hd video youtube tour! located near north rustico harbour, anglo rustico, rusticoville, cavendish, robinsons island, rustico bay, mayfield, st. ann, new glasgow, hunter river, wheatley river, cymbria, rennies road, cape turner, and cavendish beach. located west of charlottetown, north of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13067534.  video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment cavendish beach
pelicans at lockport, mb the red river flows through the locks at lockport and smart pelicans fish along the wall of the spillway while others preen in the summer heat. more about birds and manitoba summer at  pelicans lockport manitoba preening fishing summer red river reid dickie
spring lake lodge spring lake lodge is your atv and snowmobiling destination!  if you love atving, snowmobiling, fishing, hunting, or hiking this is the place for you!!  come and enjoy this peaceful setting! spring lake lodge springlake ontario ontario camps ontario resorts atv snowmobiling hunting fishing northern ontario south river
alaska's tracy arm tour  1.877.451.2701  tracy arm tour board the 56' adventure bound or the 65' captain cook for an unforgettable glacier and fjord cruise. tracy arm, a classic fjord, has it all- tidewater and elevated glaciers, breathtaking mountains and sheer rock walls that reach up over a mile high with waterfalls that tumble down to the emerald green water, and alaska's largest icebergs.  watch for whales, bears, mountain goats, hundreds of harbor seals, and a variety of birds such as eagles, arctic terns, kittiwakes, and pigeon guillemots.  our vessels have stable, smooth riding, ocean going hulls for the best cruise to tracy arm and sawyer glacier. a full walk-around deck and large cabin windows assure unobstructed views and great photo opportunities. personal attention is unsurpassed. tracy arm alaskan excursions fishing lodge alaska tourism travel doc warner's
south shore lodge in 60 seconds this is a 60 second promotional video for south shore lodge fishing lodge vacation fishing lodge fishing resort
lac seul floating lodges - houseboat tour stay where the fish are? take a tour of one of our houseboats. with all the amenities of home, a houseboat vacation on lac seul is just what you need. avoid the long commute to and from a traditional lodge. while others are travelling, you are already there, enjoying your morning coffee.  if the weather is bad, stay inside with family and friends. set your own schedule! lac seul houseboats lac seul floating lodges lac seul houseboats houseboat vacation walleye fishing fishing lodge fishing houseboat floating lodge houseboat trip houseboat rentals lac seul houseboat rentals tourism inside tour muskie fishing lac suel lac seul fishing sioux lookout sioux lookout fishing hudson fishing hudson
fishing at ole's hakai pass on day1 a day at ole's hakai pass fishing lodge in fast forward. fishing lodge fishing adventure fish holiday vacation salmon lodge summer hakai pass floating pristine wilderness boat chinook all inclusive appreciation gourmet meals fly in caravan self guided home away from home
introduction to favorite bay lodge, luxury wilderness lodge in angoon alaska there is a place where things have never changed. where nature still controls the earth and man is merely a visitor. where humpback whales, bald eagles and brown bear are the rulers of the land.  welcome to favorite bay lodge on the placid waters of southeast alaska's admiralty island. take a journey back in time to an environment-quite possibly the last frontier on earth.  so, go ahead. find your primitive side. favorite bay lodge alaska fishing lodge angoon admiralty island wilderness hunting adventures resorts hotels vacations getaway packages
the crab king  in steveston b.c new restaurant in steveston village, richmond, bc, canada   the crab king vancouver richmond cooked cook dungeness steveston british columbia georgia strait dock fish fishing fisherman wharf restaurant how to cook boat floating waterfront commercial seafood shrimp prawn clam mussel salmon tuna festival new ice cream gelato french fries skinny tall ship marine tourist whale watch delicous steam steamed love chilliwack sweet corn home style throw food on table ground attraction famous pier palm tree salad ocean
people's choice award - banff mtn film comp 2014 - mending the line in 1944, 20-year-old frank moore landed on the beaches of normandy. now, at the age of 90,  he returns with his wife and son to heal the wounds of his past by fly-fishing the streams he once helped free.  director: steve engman producer: john waller* production company: uncage the soul productions the banff centre banff centre (venue) banff (city/town/village) banff national park (protected site) banff mountain film festival (film festival) bmfbf 2014 mending the line film (media genre) award people's choice award normandy (location) wwii fly fishing fishing france (country) culture preview film fest
dolomedes scriptus , fishing spider short video of a fishing spider under and above the water. bugs insects spider animal fishing camping caribou lake bug outdoors
rc fishing boats of b.a.m.m. these are a few shots of my trip to  central park on fathers day, 2011. special thanks to 4mods for bringing some of his fleet out to play as well...more to come... rc fishing boat ship fpv bckillick b.a.m.m. central park burnaby onboard vid cam
como aprender ingls: pescar saiba mais em:   - clique no link acima e baixe gratuitamente nosso ebook "aprenda 65% do ingls em menos de 2 horas" e torne-se vip  ////  siga-nos: facebook:  twitter:  pescar pesca fishing english ingls vocabulary vocabulrio fabiana lara fabiana lara aprender estudar como aprender ingls
juneau alaska cruise ships cruise lines navigating through the ports of alaska ice fishing juneau (us county) cruise boat cruise ship (ship type) ocean sailing marine
montage de pche 3 montage de photos et de vidos d'animaux , de bois , de pche aux dors et mme un feu de fort!!                            musique: samian fishing walleye dor pche nord qubec feux feu sopfeu fort samian montage
solo canoe trip - algonquin provincial park 8 day solo canoe trip in algonquin provincial park, canada. intothewildwithjimmy.blogspot.com.au/ imovie algonquin provincial park (protected site) canoe (ship type) camping summer solo canoe adventure canada backcountry bushcraft survival skills (tv genre) survival fishing algonquin lakes into the wild alone in the wild camping
cn 3101 at parry sound (02mar2017) canadian national 3101, cn 2976, cn x (train 105 - montreal to vancouver) crossing the 1695 foot cp trestle bridge was built in 1907 which stands 115 feet above the seguin river and the ice covered harbour. ice fishing trestle brewing steel cold hard winter 2017 georgian bay ontario canada landscape scenery snow blizzard cottage country islands lakes scenic colours water rocks trees evergreens freight train diesel locomotive amazing rare awesome detector wheels railfan hobby railfanning train spotting foamer scanner canon vixia hf g30 handycam avchd videography footage weather manfrotto tripod hd 1080p 60p super video high definition excellent quality
a trip under the bridge heading out to fish, 2007, talk about calm waters, but it got pretty warm out on the lake, too warm. cormorant fishing pickerel bridge lake
port severn lock / restaurant going through port severn lock #45 of the trent severn waterway on our way back from georgian bay. but wait, that's not all! there is also a look at a neat little waterfront restaurant we went to - the dam grill - as well as look around the lock grounds. and water. and boats ;-) + more boating fun at  + facebook at   the dam grille restaurant -  tsw marine cruise lock tsw playlist boats trent severn waterway port yacht restaurant (industry) georgian bay boating marina lake simcoe islands sea ray water lake port severn
big dog channel cruising through big dog channel from honey harbour in the east to beausoleil bay in the west. big dog channel beausoleil bay georgian honey harbour cruising boats
hiking up to garibaldi lake, british columbia (4k) hiking up to garibaldi lake, british columbia. i took this trip in late august of 2016 after i returned to vancouver from atlanta in the summer. ive always wanted to hike up to garibaldi lake since my arrival to vancouver last year. the amazing photos you see on instagram serve this lake no justice. it is 10x better in person.   however, the hype you get from instagram isn't too good. i though i was going to be able to drive my car up most of the elevation and do a short hike up to get the views that i wanted. to get to garibaldi lake, it is a 9-10km hike, and its steep!   travel/hike tips:  -travel light! -bring food -wear comfortable shoes  -bring bug spray (depends time of year) -take breaks -start early -read the maps! know your surroundings    losfizz garibaldi bc bcbuds britishcolumbia squamish whistler vancouver vancity dailyhive garibaldilake hike glacier glacierfedwater mountain woods cedar westcoast visitbc visitvancouver thingstodoinvancouver travel explore blog blogger iphone6s 4k canada newyorker
cascade gorge - christina lake bc our 4km hike to cascade gorge along the trans canada trail on july 20, 2015. subscribe to our channel for more hikes in bc!    british columbia (canadian province) christina lake (city/town/village) mountain canyon park trail waterfall (geographical feature category) river (geographical feature category) trans canada trail (tourist attraction) other hiking (sport) canada (country) kettle river (river)
50 subs! shout out and channel update. also check out  hayden decker   colton bonner   lnl slack   gonefishing   be sure to check out my twitter!   thanks for the support!  gear: gopro hero 5 black, gopro hero 3+, and a nikon camera. fishing northern ontario canada how to catch fishing for fish catching bass fishing northern fishing lake pond river dallmyd 50 subs shout out
kootenay living is the best on of the best places to relocate to any time - this is the west kootenays christina lake attract ruby throated hummingbird food attracting rufus hummingbirds nectar photographs pictures feeders lonely planet nature national geographic everyday explorer british columbia bc tourism sony canon nikon lodge kootenays rockies hotels motels caribbean jcv hellobc hiking biking ornithology bird watching wildlife trans canada trail jcvdude fishing campgrounds b&b rental vacation westjet bed and breakfast 2010 canadian living uk international holidays
wicked helicopter search for old labrador salmon fishing camp. we go by chopper down the kenamu river in labrador looking for an old fishing camp. lo' 'n behold, two great looking kayaks seem to have survived the intense winters outside for decades. helicopter labrador salmon river fishing camp
gerhard's world....!!! gerhard's travels and adventures in northern ontario.... gerhard gehrmann minaki ontario canada black river camp winnipeg kenora redditt northern northwestern
starting a fire with a magnifying glass in the winter! it took almost 3 hours but we did it!   be sure to check out my twitter!   thanks for the support!  gear: gopro hero 5 black, gopro hero 3+, and a nikon d1300 camera. fishing northern ontario canada how to catch fishing for fish catching bass fishing northern fishing lake pond river dallmyd fire snow magnifying glass how to start a fire with a magnifying glass
(sold) prince edward island home for sale 80 stacy st. nicholas west of summerside & charlottetown new price $529,000 includes hst.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent". prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance. this waterview house with an option on a waterfront lot is located at 80 stacy lane, st. nicholas, sunbury cove estates, pei. near linkletter, summerside, miscouche, muddy creek, wellington, saint raphael, days corner, mont carmel, union corner, prince edward island.   located west of charlottetown, west of summerside, west of the confederation bridge in borden, and west from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  camera used was a sony hdr-hc7.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
landing at kasba lake lodge here is our landing as we arrived at kasba lake lodge in canada's nwt. it is a 2.5 hour charter jet flight on nolinor north of winnipeg, manitoba sballot steven ballot landing jet charter nolinor kasba lake lodge fishing northern pike lake trout arctic grayling canada
coldstream by vernon because of the mountains and lakes british columbia homes have spectacular views. this is coldstream in vernon, british columbia coldstream vernon properties kalamalka lakes vacation cheap travel packages flights to tours fishing sailing skiing sailboarding beaches kiteboarding house boats resorts wine tours hiking mountain biking destinations getaways hotels motels car shows totamedia music festivals luxury accommodation waterfront investment vacation homes real estate rentals yt:crop=16:9 jcv bcfieldreporterjcv jcvdude localsknow ctc production kelowna thompson okanagan holiday tourismbc hellobc
thank you for 100 subscribers! montage and shout outs. be sure to check out fishattacktv   be sure to check out lnlslack   twitter   thanks for the support!  gear: gopro hero 5 black, gopro hero 3+, and a nikon d3100 camera. fishing northern ontario canada how to catch fishing for fish catching bass fishing northern fishing lake pond river dallmyd thank you for 100 subs! 100 subs shout outs montage
we're da fish at?? a day of fishing without any fish.. you win some and you lose some i guess...  be sure to check out my twitter!   thanks for the support!  gear: gopro hero 5 black, gopro hero 3+, and a nikon camera. fishing northern ontario canada how to catch fishing for fish catching bass fishing northern fishing lake pond river dallmyd
newfoundland trout hd , newfoundland and labrador "newfoundland trout"... calm and serene sight's and sounds... trouting catch true relax brighton newfoundland sunset cod fish skies nature canada newfoundland michigan arbor water paulwatson leaves spawn smeaton city carp detroit autumn calm triton river jazz relaxing beyond sunrise bass sky dennis salmon northern bossa above blue trout fly newfie sea fishing brighton pike 911 rapids serene pesca educational lake clouds sex texas
netley marsh lake winnipeg manitoba  marsh manitoba ducks unlimited hunting fishing canada bird birds
long point provincial park long point is located in ontario, canada. a great park to visit if you like camping on the beach and watersport. the waves are great for surfing, windsurfing and playing in. on the inner bay, bass fishing is great. camping parks windsurfing fishing
winter camping - bwca - 2013 location: angleworm lake (entry point 20) bwca, minnesota date:  2/28/13 - 3/3/13 winter camping adventure started with a 2 mile pulk hike into angleworm lake winter camping bwca angleworm lake ely mn camping hot tent snow shoeing cross country skiing cold camping winter adventure titanium wood stove seek outside winter hiking sledding ely minnesota boiling water long fire mn boundry waters adventure 2013 winter sleeping on the frozen lake wetterlings wildlife hatchet pulk skiing backwoods portaging trail cold winter fun echo trail ice fishing
winter boating on gull lake manitoba boating in a hole in the ice created by the lake's aeration system. playing with my camera angles and shooting techniques spacial thanks to  for the free music! 9.8 mercury open water water skipping snow 12' fishing boat canon vixia hitachi dvd cam sanyo xacti go pro 1982 stead mb beconia mb 4 camera boats manitoba (canadian province) boating (film subject) canada (country)
backcountry 2010 - french river canoe route a 7 day trip down the french river completed end of summer 2010. we would work our way out to the delta and then make our way over to the bustard islands.  the trip offers minimal portages but breathtaking scenery and a chance to paddle a canadian heritage river. just added some trip photos to our website  river water park outdoors wilderness boats tourism travel nature adventure canoe portage canadian heritage delta bustard island canada stajanleafs french river camping backcountry backcountrytv brad jennings
ungava bay lands end 1 flying ungava bay with alain lagace of rapid lake lodge   fishing flying hunting fly fishing northern canada rapid lake lodge c-fkai cessna 180
loon & a close encounter with serious mud!!! the loon is a large water bird with a haunting call, loonie is the canadian dollar or... loon loonie wilderness bird canadian nature wildlife waterfoul nicola bc camping fishing hiking bird watching birding tours optics binoculars birdwatching holidays trip destination vacation packages getaways kane valley kentucky-alleyne provincial park harmon lake trail lakes cross-country x-c ski trails valley nordic club merritt small boats moutain biking rving atvs quilchena agritourism thompson okanagan yolo jcv jcvdude freelance hd tourism videographer kelowna
houseboating 2016 | shuswap lake, bc | canada one week of partying, wakeboarding, boating, cliff jumping and just having a good time with some of my closest friends! thank you all for coming!  cameras: dji phantom 3 standard + gopro hero 4 black  |  song: quinn - another day in paradise  like, subscribe & share for more videos to come! :)  royalty free | no copyright | monetizable | hip hop music with a chilled mood for relaxing at the beach. artist: quinn | title: another day in paradise. this song is free to use for commercial- and non-commercial purposes concerning uploads on youtube. please read the license below before you download and use the song for your project.  // free download link:   you must provide the following in the description of your upload [you can copy & paste the following]:  // music provided by  another day in paradise by quinn. licensed under  artist:  _________________________________________________  if you like and use my uploads in your work, please support justmusic with a channel link in your description [you can copy & paste the following]:  // justmusic:   _________________________________________________  more free justmusic playlists: electro & dubstep:  pop & dance:  cinematic & orchestral:  punk & rock:  jazz & blues:  folk & country:  hip hop & reggae:    for frequent updates follow me on: facebook:  twitter:  instagramm:  houseboat houseboating 2016 boat shuswap lake bc british columbia sask canada party water beach drone dji phantom standard gopro august sept saskatoon waterfalls wakeboard wakeboarding boat surfing wake surf wake surf waves malibu ways waterways houseboats canadian lakes nelson neilson twin anchors twin anchors back flip back flip jumping cliff cliff jumps above aerial falls waterslide slide drinking beer beautiful amazing waterway boats scenery waterfall go pro fun good
trip to isle royale national park, michigan this is our trip to isle royale national park in michigan. it is located in the north west corner of lake superior and is one of only 2 biosphere national parks in the united states. it takes a lot of effort to get there, but, it is worth the trip! check out the video to see why! michigan hiking parks wilderness fitness vacation biosphere lake superior islands boats lodges lakes
some nova scotia boats, builders & the ns in-water boat show 2010 a look at some fine nova scotia boat builders, their boats and the nova scotia in-water boat show, 2010   nsba nova scotia in-water boat show boats builders cruise cruiser
scuba lock21 2011 scuba movie filmed in october 2011 about the submerged lock 21 near long sault, ontario, canada. scuba diving dive plonge plong apne ontario st-laurent milles-iles long sault lock21 lock 21 st-lawrence thousands islands underwater dsc-hx9v hx9v ikelite uk sl4 eled l1 bonica wd4 wd-4 wide angle water lock (water transport) scuba diving swim canada bass northern pike achigan brochet carpe goby moule zbr mussel fishing fish atmos ai cressi sressi-sub hd 1080p pinnacle studio
life 2 sustain auk nu beach by saffron hayes just before the ferry terminal, take a left on auk nu drive and park at the end where the trail head starts.  it is a super short 1 minute walk down the hill that leads to the beach.  it is a great place to have a picnic with the kids and go fishing.  -more at life2sustain.com alaska juneau landscape climbing outdoor adventure explore tour saffron kayak nature tourism trail hike beach picnic fun kid sand ocean tide pools fishing scenery countryside excursion
georgian bay in-water boat show 2015 the georgian bay in-water boat show is happening june 5th - 7th at bay port marina in midland! midland film club nate lacroix midland ontario canada georgian bay heart of georgian bay in-water boat show bayport boat show marina water boats boating summer
frenchman's bay ontario - summer 2012 along the shore of lake ontario in pickering, east of toronto, you'll find frenchman's bay, and boats galore.  on weekends this is a busy place with lots of pricey condos, marinas, restaurants, and more.  a nice way to spend some time and people watch.  enjoy the water too. frenchman's summer (literature subject) bay 2012 ontario (canadian province) boats nuclear frenchmen frenchman pickering canada (country)
2016 saugeen river run, cruise, race? - victoria week-end saugeen shores ontario this is an annual decades old tradition that happens on the may 24 victoria day weekend on the saugeen river near port elgin, southampton, ontario canada (saugeen shores).  this is a leisurely river cruise so there is no competition or construction rules except to have fun and enjoy life. you spend more time being there and also more time getting there. this is a byob event (bring your own boat, barge, boyancy device, etc) note: no plastic barrels were harmed during the making of this video.  creative commons music is rivers by phlex available on soundcloud here   looking forward to next years run. thanks for watching 2016 saugeen river run saugeen shores ontario canada annual rafts canoes boats inflatables victoria day floating port elgin southampton launch paddle tradition may 24 rafting down the river not a race enjoy life water spring access 12 race river yachts spring tradition floating deck river cruise
boating ontario nw wreckless boat patrol, endangering animals in a red neck sea doo dogs accident crash fail boats driving flipover sinking seadoo jumping waves red neck ship camp cottage lake water summer canada ontario nwo
murray harbour mink river rd prince edward island real estate pei wharf sandy beach cottage wharf please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance   this is murray harbour, mink river road.  waterfront lots, waterview lots, cottage, or complete sub-division for sale. looking for that perfect cottage retreat location. whispering winds estates may be just what you are looking for. your journey begins by selecting your ideal lot to begin building your dreams and adventures from. the excitement does not stop there but continues with the many activities and amazing experiences just waiting to be had including seal watching, nature trails, boating, leisure days on the beach or heading out for golfing, shopping or sight seeing around the island. there are many lots to select from in this beautiful subdivision with varying prices depending on your desires, needs and the lots location. contact the listing agent and secure your dream location today. located near  murray harbour north, peters road, point pleasant, gladstone, kings castle provincial park, murray harbour, beach point, white sands, murray river, and gaspereaux. located east of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, east from kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. michael poczynek has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada. michael is also a developer and has an extensive background in information technology. michael is extremely entrepreneurial in nature and always on the lookout for investment and business opportunities relating to or not relating to real estate. michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
inglis falls owen sound ontario inglis falls owen sound ontario canada inglis falls owen sound ontario canada outdoors hunting drone racing drone art relaxing refreshing drone movies cuba jamaica mexico costarica rive hiking trails boats cave dji phantom phantom 4
taking the lines of henry vokey's schooner jerome canning (left) and bruce whitelaw (right) are shown here taking the lines (recording the measurements) of a wooden schooner under construction by mr. henry vokey of trinity, trinity bay, newfoundland. recorded by dale jarvis, ich development officer for the heritage foundation of newfoundland and labrador on friday, november 20, 2009. naval architecture boatbuilding boats schooner henry vokey
jason gauthier - slow jigging technique lund pro staffer, and host of jason's adventure tv, jason gauthier talks about what he calls the 'slow jigging' technique he uses for walleyes in manitoba and northwestern ontario waters. 'jason gauthier' 'jason's adventure' 'lund boats pro staff' 'back to basics' 'slow jigging technique' tips 'instruction' 'steve macinnis' 'adventures north'
lake niapenco, east end, binbrook, ontario lake niapenco, starting at east end (reservoir) and heading west for about 3 kms, then back again. binbrook conservation, binbrook, ontario, canada  lake niapenco is the main source of the welland river.  conservation area is run by the niagara peninsula conservation authority  @npca_ontario  i don't see the branches, i see the leaves by chris zabriskie is licensed under a creative commons attribution license ( source:  artist:  drone footage uav footage uav video niagara peninsula conservation authority @npca_ontario dji phantom 3 fishing canoeing hiking swimming drone video quadcopter binbrook binbrook ontario wakeboarding (sport) camping hamilton (city/town/village) ontario (canadian province) canada (country) binbrook ontario (location) unmanned aerial vehicle (aircraft type) welland river (river)
lazy saturday on the boat - overnight we took the boat out overnight on okanagan lake just outside kelowna. george the vizsla had a great swim.  like or subscribe to see more content!  check out more stories at   about the boat: 1995 larson 280 single 7.4l 454 hp with bravo 3  follow us on twitter: mark:  julie:  boats boating vizsla dog powerboat vlog express cruiser boat dogs video blog (website category)
seadootours.com sea-doo tour of the trent severn waterway, ontario, canada seadoo tour of lost channel on the trent severn waterway between lock 42 and 43.  see more tours at  seadoo tours+trent severn+lost channel lost channel not intrepid cottager ontario (canadian province) canada (country) river severn (river) trent--severn waterway (tourist attraction) lake tourism (industry) boat boats
crayfish! we catch baby crayfish! the crayfish were not harmed in this video and were released in less than one minute.  i have never seen baby crayfish so it was a complete surprise that when we caught a large one in a cup there were several tiny baby crayfish.  i imagine the trout hang around the rocks and feed on any that are not cautious and go into the open. freshwater crayfish bc lakes baby lobster fishing video sony handycam underwater mini dv nature camcorder youtube 1080i google digital vegas editing software suite price digital video cameras external hard flash drive tape camcorders camera filming wildlife nature batteries accessories lensesprosumer professional capture sponsor videography speed recorder basics of equipment yolo jcv jcvdude travel destinations event hd videographer kelowna
(sold) 58 fox run donaldston pei real estate prince edward island canada century 21 waterview house subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and get all pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: open concept viceroy home on winter bay, insulated/heated for year round use. built in 2001 with glorious water views, professionally maintained ever since. 3 bedrooms, 3 full baths. cedar siding & wrap-around decking from bc. large kitchen and dining area with skylight, 2 sinks, 7` island with solid cherry counter top, jenn-air range and wall oven, cabinetry with pull out trash and lazy susan. first floor master has 2 story ensuite bath, double vanity, huge soaker tub, separate shower, 2 skylights. laundry room with front loading machines, deep sink, extra storage. "heart pine" pergo floors. two high efficiency propane fireplaces in kitchen and great room provide warmth throughout the home. 2 driveways & 2 fully serviced rv sites w/separate septic. double garage with attached shed. insulated garage can be used as recreation room/bunk house. peaceful location on pei's north shore near national park, golf and beaches, yet minutes from charlottetown. adjoining land available. located near donaldston, tracadie, grand tracadie, frenchfort, bedford, dunstaffnage, covehead,  marshfield, brackley, mill cove, stanhope, blooming point, dalvay, tracadie bay, west covehead, brackley beach, scotchfort, and  harrington.  located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit.  royalty free music provided by  and song used is called "local forecast". licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0.    this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13069143. video youtube link: pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
alvin chipmunk lost crying and alone little alvin chipmunk is lost in the forest and crying for his family. alvin simon theodore chipmunk forest bc nature wildlife park tourism family holiday chipmunks adventure canadian destinations british columbia vacations tourism vancouver hellobc thompson okanagan traveling kootenays christina lake everyday explorer hiking biking trans canada trail jcvdude fishing campgrounds b&b rental vacation westjet sony canon nikon
this is my terrace bay, ontario this video was developed by local videographer ryan kenny and is designed to showcase the incredible beauty and lifestyle of the township of terrace bay.  our small community is located at the top of lake superior region in northwestern ontario and is home to amazing nature and outdoor activities.  for more information, visit  terrace bay ontario lake superior casque isles aguasabon simcoe plaza tourism boats hiking fishing boating
ungava bay lands end 3 flying ungava bay with alain lagace of rapid lake lodge   flying fishing hunting fly fishing northern canada rapid lake lodge c-fkai cessna 180
flushing a lemon down the toilet using a fishing pole high entertainment. in the end it all worked out and now the lemon is in a sewer somewhere. lemon fishing pole shyguyfan10 hook down toilet using rod funny overflow clogged billy mays rip
loop cross sx this video is about loop cross sx fly rod. this is a new rod for 2016 and we are very excited to introduce it to our customers and friends. un-boxing cross sx fly fishing trout fishing loop fly fishing loop fly rods loop canada new fly rod fly fishing store
astorville astorville is in northeastern ontario, canada located between trout lake and lake nosbonsing in the district of nipissing  music by: yellowbrickcinema east ferris astorville ontario canada french canadian (ethnicity) celebrates opspeculate opspeculate.com opspeculate film fishing sking nature drone water trees lake fog sunrise sun sunset morning beauty french canadian nipissing nosbonsing trout
13 fishing crescent brampton gary singh gary singh   sales representative office: 905-568-2121 | fax: 905-568-2588 email: gsingh@royallepage.ca |    royal lepage kingsbury realty, brokerage 30 eglinton avenue west suite 200, mississauga, ontario 13 fishing crescent brampton gary singh
hale creek and a secret cabin in the woods please subscribe  day trip to harrison lake.  went to harrison lake to go to hale creek. great day! found a cool little cabin and did some great atving. had some snacks at hale creek and some lunch at wood lake. enjoyed some awesome views. just got to love the great outdoors! hale creek camping fun family wife and husband atv quad warn winch wheeling 4 x 4 4x4 mud rock trailes weekend road offroad lake harrison lake sasquatch fishing cabin itp mud lite grizzly grizzly 700 yamaha motocross cross suzuki honda four riding motorcycle kawasaki survival sand dirt bike wheelie raptor polaris race dunes trail jump racing quads.ca summer
jack fish lake rapids entrance a quick view of what the rapids are like when entering jack fish lake, located north of emo, ontario. access to this lake can be made from the clearwater & pipestone chain of lakes. jack fish lake rapids clearwater clear water pipestone ontario canada fishing
10372 oxbow dr komoka (mls#: 581416) visit  to learn more!  incredible opportunity just north of komoka and minutes nw of london. 96 acres with first class current potential as a stunning building site or future potential for development... or both. situated across the street from firerock golf club and having oxbow creek meandering through the back this is a one of a kind property. well, natural gas, hydro etc all available for your estate home. imagine, trout fishing in your own back yard, hiking trails, bird watching etc. while only steps from one of london areas finest golf courses. don't forget about the 72 acres of workable land garnering a significant income and added benefits. call now. farm ontario farmland real estate phil spoelstra ron steenbergen ontario farm farms in ontario farm real estate real estate virtual tour farms for sale ontario farms for sale in ontario ontario land for sale land for sale southern ontario farm land in ontario farmland in ontario ontario farms for sale ontario land for sale middlesex county farms farming realtor komoka trout fishing firerock golf course hiking income opportunity komoka farm
crystal bay lodge - official teaser i own no rights to music fishing se alaska charter lodge halibut salmon fly fishing crystal bay lodge
ungava bay lands end 4 flying ungava bay with alain lagace of rapid lake lodge   fishing flying hunting fly fishing northern canada rapid lake lodge c-fkai cessna 180
ungava bay lands end 2 flying ungava bay with alain lagace of rapid lake lodge   fishing flying fly fishing hunting northern canada rapid lake lodge c-fkai cessna 180
ungava bay land end 5 flying ungava bay with alain lagace of rapid lake lodge   flying fishing hunting fly fishing northern canada rapid lake lodge c-fkai cessna 180
viewpoint december 4 students at blackville school are asked what they think about having a fly fishing club at the school. blackville (city/town/village) school (building function) fly fishing (industry)
seasonal lots, and camping available at narrows west narrows west has some seasonal camping spots that are available for people to enjoy their summer with us on lake manitoba.  with all the amenities of showers, and electrical we have everything that you need to enjoy your time at narrows west.  it may be the place for you and your family to spend your summers. summer fun fun (magazine) family fun lake manitoba camping seasonal camping lake manitoba camping fishing
for sale 110 acres hwy 17, 1300 ft on ottawa river 5 km east of mattawa 110 acres of vacant land, 2 lots on both sides of hwy 17, 1300 ft on ottawa river, 5 km east of mattawa. 1993 survey available. property is all bush. 5 km from schools, hospital, 3 km from golf course.    property taxes $755. asking price $280,000 negotiable  see pictures at   or      check out my listings at  and  and   let me know if you see anything of interest.   please let me help you to sell your property by adding the best market exposure through   the mls system with written assurance that you can sell your property on your own,   during mls listing, and pay no commission.  are you looking for residential or commercial mortgage ? let me help you with that.   i am also a licensed mortgage broker. let me know what your needs are.  thank you.     andrew sobczak  broker of record   on georgian bay real estate inc.  real estate brokerage  member of the muskoka & haliburton real estate board   rr2, po box 174, victoria harbour, on l0k 2a0     phone   705 543 1341     email    ongeorgianbay@gmail.com     website       website       follow me on twitter      i am selling real estate in entire ontario ...   promoting country living at its best ... and great commercial investments.  realtors can show any listing on mls. why not make it easy on yourself and have one realtor work for you?   i consider a referral the most valuable compliment a client can give me and i always treat prospects referred to me with respect, honesty and professional approach. keep them coming ... ottawa river acreage golf course hospital bush highway accommodation beach bay boating cabin commercial cottage country farm fishing georgian home hotel house hunting huron investment lake land living lodge log lot marina motel movie muskoka ontario owner peace power of sale private properties quiet real estate recreational reduced residence residential resort retirement sailing sale sand sandy season selling shore sunny vacant vacation waterfront
arctic experience a group of students and adults from ontario travel to cape dorset, nunavut, to try to to teach kids there about nutritional food and a healthy lifestyle. however, they end up learning more from the community than they can teach. nunavut (canadian territory) cape dorset (city/town/village) arctic (province) canada (country) documentary school trip stratford northwestern stratford (city/town/village) exchange cooking fitness food cold winter adventure hunting fishing iqaluit (city/town/village) snowdayproductions1 snowmobile (invention) snow
windy day on kabinakagami lake, august 23, 2011 windy day on kabinakagami lake, august  23, 2011. kabinakagami lake kaby pine portage lodge fishing
abel pliers abel pliers review. here are the features that make abel pliers some of the best pliers on the market today. check them out online here  pliers (product category) abel abel reels fishing fly fishing (industry) fishing gear fishing pliers fishing product review
simms pliers product review simms has introduced a new set of fully machined made in the usa aluminum pliers. watch the video to see the great features and click on the link below to buy your pair.   simms fishing products simms pliers simms fishing fishing pliers fishing gear fly fishing saltwater fly fishing fly fishing store fishing gear review
sky divers from quebec's ocean these birds thrilled me as they were dropping from the sky like little airplanes showing mother natures graceful design. birds hunting fishing flying skydiving water alive thrills
my new buddy  raven ice road truckers trucking semi's trains 4x4 yellowknife nwt
the blue jays' buck martinez on sioux lookout fishing sioux lookout ontario is home to the world's best walleye fishing. in this video, toronto blue jays play-by-play man buck martinez talks about his june 2015 visit to sioux lookout and the great fishing he experienced there. visit fishsiouxlookout.com from information on how and where to catch walleye, bass, northern pike and lake trout in northwestern ontario. sioux lookout fishing
property for sale pemberton (birken), bc canada  motivated seller! private land with improvements for sale 2939 stanley rd., birken, bc. visit website for full information and to contact owner. birken british columbia pemberton land for sale private land for sale recreation bc property fishing wilderness skiing whistler pristine rural scenic canada whistler blackcomb estate vancouver
building 3rd model ship bluenose ii - pt 1 the first in a series documenting the building of my third model ship bluenose ii, a more "contemporary" version than my previous model, which can be seen at        --------------------------------------------------------------------    le premier d'une srie documentant la construction de mon troisime modle du voilier bluenose ii, une version plus contemporaine que mon modle prcdent, qu'on peut voir      hobby building kit sailing sailboat bluenose schooner tallship fishing boat voilier
northern shake on the lake northern college does the harlem shake! where else but on a frozen lake!  thank you to everyone who contributed and participated in the making of our northern shake video. we all had a blast - now get inside and warm up! northern college ontario colleges colleges in ontario harlem shake school spirit northern ontario police foundations welding ncsa student life ice fishing porcupine lake trades and technology mining ontario nursing ontario pre-service firefighter international student
northern lights lodge and resort northern lights lodge and resort a ely minnesota vacation destination since 1945. ely minnesota walleye fishing family vacation minnesota cabin rental minnesota vacation home rental northern minnesota ely vacation northern lights lodge
water trails -  kayaking the bc coast - why do you paddle - hd this is an exciting compilation of funny, scary, peaceful, amazing, and epic experiences while paddling around vancouver island, british columbia, over the last year.     shot in clayoquot sound, broken group islands, gulf islands, haida gwaii, broughton archipelago, surge narrows, nuchatlitz, and kyuquot.     watch this video in high definition ( high-definition high-def hd) for your best experience.  there are many reasons to sea kayak, and what i show here are just a few of my reasons, ranging from surfing tidal rapids, to watching wildlife.  you can watch orca ( killer whale ), humpback whales, stellar sea lions ( sealions ), pacific whiteside dolphins ( white side ), and all the little critters.  including a lewis' moonsnail, vermillion starfish, ochre star, and more.  bald eagles, and wolves ( wolf ).  surf tidal rapids at surge narrows, paddle in rock gardens in clayoquot sound, or surf in tofino.    practice sea kayak rolling using a greenland paddle ( pawtik ).   crash in an epic collision while surfing.   paddle along goletas channel, paddle in the broughton.   sit back and enjoy the campfire.  kayak fishing, fish for salmon while kayaking.  cook your fish over camp fire ( campfire ).  watch the sunset over the pacific ocean.  these images have been collected over the last year using mostly a gopro hd camera.  supplementry images collected with a nikon d70 slr, olympus and sony cameras.  i generally am wearing a kokatat drysuit or paddle jacket.  in these videos i paddle a current design gulfstream and a current design solstice gts kayak.   i also paddle using a werner kalliste paddle, and an epic paddle.     liam mcneil is a proffessional sea kayak guide based in tofino, bc see more at: liammcneil.com kayaking (sport) sea kayak epic funny compilation death sealion orca whale humpback surf tofino surge narrows liam mcneil water crash fail werner current design gulfstream solstice gts injury gopro hd high definition fishing kayaking salmon surfing (sport) liam mcneil
king fish man   in the wild  tv show crowdfund trailer this is an overview video which describes the very unique talents of one timmy cudmore who humorously calls himself the "king fish man"! timmy hails from the beautiful prince edward island in canada. he writes and sings songs about one of his greatest passions: trout fishing! yup, i said fishing.  '"in the wild" is a tv show idea inspired by the award-winning professor david musial from america. it is part of the "nextgen stars" series in development which focuses on the "mentor' to the "next generation of stars" in any field. timmy teachers his children and grandchildren how to fish. he teaches us all through zany, musical humor, how fun it can be to fish.  lot's of source footage has been shot in the past 3 years, including a great deal in the new "ultra hd" format, so this crowd funding venture is designed to enable professor musial to employ a team of highly skilled, "directors-to-be", college interns, to assist him in producing a few more shoots & editing shows for potential network or social net distribution.  timmy has many songs available for sales on itunes, cd baby ands more. please consider supporting this cool mentorship venture by visiting kickstarter.com, and also...  professormusial.com fishinthewild.com kingfishman.com nextgenstars.com oneworldartists.com crowdfunding (website category) timmy cudmore king fish mna in the wild fish in the wild david musial one world artists llc nextgen stars prince edward island trout troput town usa fish fishing music music videos
mexico is hot..hot...hot how hot is it in mexico?   we are on the road leaving the snow(little dusting overnight in kelowna) and in a little more than 24 hours its pueto vallarta and palladium vallarta, temperature in the mid 80's farenheit. high 20's celsius.  ten days after arriving in mexico we are at sundance resort at big white ski resort in british columbia, skiing and watching snow fall as we sit by the fireplace. vallarta palladium puerto vallarta bucerias las cargadas rivier nayarit destinations holidays video mexico destinations caribbean all inclusive deals resorts pool spa vacation packages tours getaways hotels whale watching beaches surfing turtles ecotourism tucan xel-ha snorkeling sunwing sport fishing itravel westjet snorkeling diving yt:crop=16:9 jcvdude kelowna travel videographer sundance resort big white ski snow sand surf flying guide
        . ...     .  ! :)                  salmon (ingredient) fly fishing (industry)
fraser valley, bc - harrison river canoeing we wanted to share how beautiful it is here in the fraser valley.  our location directly on the harrison river makes for easy canoe launching, and the water is still running high with snow melt, fed primarily from harrison lake and also from the chehalis river.  just downstream from us, the blue-green water of the harrison runs into the mighty, and muddy, fraser river.    this was shot right at the confluence of the harrison & chehalis rivers. the air, water and mountains here are incredibly clean and beautiful.  if you listen closely, you can hear the birds singing. fraser harrison mills chehalis river valley bc chilliwack abbotsford british columbia canada canoe kayak paddle blue green water float boat fishing bald eagle salmon
boat testing: 2016 tahoe vista ql 2785 subscribe:  instagram:  twitter:  facebook:  web:  address: 9024-100 st westlock ab t7p 2l4 phone: 866.337.4115 2009 alberta angler of the year corey nault testing the 2016 tahoe vista ql 2785 with 2 evinrude g2 300 motors. boat testing tahoe tahoe vista ql 2785 corey nault boating fishing alberta edmonton westlock stetter slave lake
creative ideas! how to tie in goma eva or foam! diy  |  simple foam tie creative ideas! how to tie in goma eva or foam! diy  |  simple foam tie     tying a foam hopper, fly foam, fly foam hopper, moscas para carpas, moscas para barbos, moscas foam,    tan, sheet, foam, popper, fishing, saltwater, shrimp, popper flies, fly, flies, foam popper, how to tie, tie, favorite, best, top water, redfish, tarpon, blue fish, stripers, bodies, white, chartreuse, baitfish, top, how to tie a popper fly, fly tying popper fly, snook flies, tarpon flies, snook, top water flies, redfish flies, fly tying videos, fly fishing, matt thomas, fly tying, how to, artificial fly, sheet foam popper, saltwater popper fly, foam popper fly, popper bodies, popper heads, creative ideas creative design creative art creative agency tying a foam hopper fly foam fly foam hopper moscas para carpas moscas para barbos moscas foam tan sheet foam saltwater fly flies foam popper how to tie tie favorite best redfish how to tie a popper fly fly tying popper fly snook flies fly tying videos fly fishing matt thomas fly tying how to artificial fly sheet foam popper saltwater popper fly foam popper fly popper heads
yellowknife nt - aerial view of cameron falls taken july 18 2015. watch in hd for better viewing.          cameron falls  is located within hidden lake territorial park, on the ingraham trail. it is approximately 47 km east of yellowknife.       there is a small parking lot with pit toilet facilities, at the start of a 20 minute hike along a well marked trail to cameron falls. the falls are worth a visit at all times of the year. in winter the falls are frozen right over. in spring, melt-waters roar under the ice. water levels in summer have been known to drop low enough to allow walking across the falls above the overhang. and in the fall the changing colours of the leaves are always a good reason to bring along your camera.  attractions & points of interest:      it is possible to hike upstream from cameron falls to the cameron river ramparts waterfalls, a distance of 8 or 9 km. the trail is not well developed, but the river is relatively easy to follow and the route is obvious. if you choose to follow the north (far) side of the river, there is a foot bridge at cameron falls, which also offers access into the rest of hidden lake park. you will have to re-cross the river at the ingraham trail bridge at cameron river crossing, a short ways upstream from the ramparts.       the park offers access for canoeists to the lower cameron river canoe route, one of the ingraham trail canoe routes.-   tags: aerial photography northwest territories canada drone uav waterfalls canada yellowknife dji phantom 3 2 1 gopro camera awesome spectacular scenic view mountains landscape yellowknife (city/town/village) cameron falls waterfalls rivers lakes canada edmonton travel nature water fishing dji phantom aerial videos photography montreal quebec cbc tourist park adventure tourism (interest) tourist destination river waterfall (geographical feature category) national park (iucn category) ontario toronto vancouver mountain climbing trail mountains hiking lake canyon viral video aerial photography (website category) ridge amazing beautiful scenic spectaculaer
lusitanos fc ice fishing 2012 annual ice fishing cover song soccer fishing michigan freestyle skills detroit goal fly catch rapids tricks city bass lake river trout salmon northern pike carp arbor marsh traverse lansing catching grand rapids bait boat bill cedar flint alaska big catfish kalamazoo ice fly fishing traverse city bay funny superior show tackle lure shark ann arbor
things we do for fun!!! going 85 km/h across lake manitoba!  on hockey skates!! hockey manitoba eriksdale lake manitoba ice fishing
let's go outdoors: season two - episode 8 this week: mary's first duck hunt; bear spray; sir winston churchill park; flint knapping; fishing line; unlimited fishing for brook trout in quirk creek.  this half-hour tv series is part of the lgo programming line up. the 13 week series runs on ctv two in alberta, canada, on sunday evenings at 6 pm mountain time and on discovery world at 6 pm eastern time. visit our website at  for more information. michael short let's go outdoors outdoors elma mehmedbebovic mary hulbert brad fenson alberta devon energy dow royal alberta museum alberta tourism alberta parks cabela's blue heron fishing flint knapping bear spray quirk creek brook trout ducks duck hunting anglers camrose
ontario backwoods outfitters intro welcome to my channel new updates will be added soon. keep in touch for gear reviews and adventures.  coming soon!!! winter camping tips and gear. summer camping tips and gear. personal gear reviews. diy gear to save money. scenic places to visit in ontario. !!! online store opening soon !!!   all images and video used were filmed or taken by me personally and are not to be copied or used without my written consent. music provided free by youtube creator.  i created this video with the youtube video editor ( youtube editor intro fishing hunting camping hiking outdoors
adirondack state park, little tupper lake to lake lila, september 2015 canoe trip from little tupper lake with a stop at round lake then a three day trip to lake lila.  some crazy portages and a trip though the marshes over dozens of beaver dams.  down shingle shanty brook to lake lila and a hike up mount frederica. adk adirondack mountains (mountain range) adirondack state park lila little tupper long lake (lake) canoe (ship type) canoeing (sport) paddle wilderness outreach traverse portage fail lake lila (lake) fishing shingle shanty whitney wilderness frederica kayak hiking (sport)
a graceful landing near shores on cowan watch a  pelican gracefully land on cowan lake sk near the shores on cowan resort...  simply beautiful! shores on cowan cowan lake sk nature pelican cabin for sale lake front lots lakefront birds lake northern saskatchewan fishing boating kayaking
west arm lake nipissing the chrysler hemi 55hp here up at the west arm of lake nipissing ontario canada lakair lodge , nice area for muskie fishing . this is my buddy's 1975 chrysler classic 55hp outboard motor and we are on the way back from a good day of fishing lake nipissing chrysler outboard muskie bass pickeral pickerel walleye perch sturgeon sheephead west arm ice fishing lodge ontario canada car dodge hemi shark florida gmc jeep jumping boat show four stroke bob izumi basspro 900z1 lowrance dsi
late show with david letterman april 12, 1996 tom brokaw blue truck driving dog (full show) late show with david letterman april 12, 1996 tom brokaw blue the truck driving dog roseanne cash (full show) david letterman late show with david letterman late night full complete dave show full show tom brokaw anchorman montana fly fishing blue truck driving dog driving dog roseanne cash johnny cash june carter cash nbc nightly news david's birthday birthday happy birthday april 12 1996 04 12 96 1996 04 12 1996 12 04 brokaw dave letterman complete show stupid pet trick april 1996 late night with david letterman late night talk show talk show
moments in winter e04 - forgotten snow bridge full playlist here   moments in winter e01 - the snow pebbled lake   moments in winter e02 - darkness in snowy water   moments in winter e03 - snowing creek  moments in winter e04 - forgotten snow bridge   moments in winter e05 - snow salmon jumps   moments in winter e06 - the crow flies     winter wonderland in beautiful british columbia canada    kokanee creek provincial park  with over a kilometre of sandy beaches and three campsites, kokanee creek provincial park has provincial significance and is the number one choice for tourists coming to the west kootenays. there is always lots to do with an adventure playground, visitor centre, spawning channel, boat launch, group camp site, viewing platform, hiking trails and a marina nearby.  want more? all within an hours drive you can explore historic nelson, ainsworth hot springs, balfour golf club, kaslo with the ss moyie stern wheeler and finally kokanee glacier provincial park. discover south central b.c. but save some time for kokanee creek provincial park. if you dont, youre going to wish you did.   special features: kokanee creek canyon and old growth western cedar and grand fir.  park size: 260 hectares  welcome to kootenay sw parks in the kootenay rockies region of british columbia. each of these beautiful b.c provincial parks; champion lakes, kokanee creek, syringa creek and kootenay lake is so unique we encourage you to explore them all! whatever your pleasure and desired level of outdoor adventure during the day, our variety of well maintained, private campsites will have you looking forward to kicking back around the campfire with family and friends. whether you are a b.c. local or a traveler experiencing the area for the first time, all the vibrant communities in our region including nelson, castlegar and kaslo are alive with things to do and see.  whatever the season!    kokanee creek provincial park is a provincial park in british columbia, canada. the park is situated on the shores of kootenay lake and is bisected by highway 3a 19 km east of nelson, british columbia. established as a bc provincial park in 1955 it encompasses 260 hectares of sandy beaches, deltas, and coniferous forest. location british columbia, canada nearest city nelson, british columbia coordinates 493600n 1170800wcoordinates: 493600n 1170800w area 260 hectares established 1955 governing body bc parks winter storm 2015 2016 winter storm names 2015 2016 winter storm names 2014 2015 list of winter storms 2014 2014 15 winter storm names  weather for east coast next 7 days new york storm update nyc snow storm 2015 dates new york snow storm history winter water snow creek stream rivewr river river in winter british columbia canada kokanee creek provincial park camping hiking outdoor cold kokanee creek canyon lake ice parks things to do in winter nelson traveler kalso viewing wildlife crows lakes fishing provincial park bridge winter sounds frozen winter storm west weather travel snow storm pictures blizzard winter solstice snow storm storm blizzard snow storm usa travel to canada tourism art 2016
3536 red creek 5 acres close to canim lake with a dream log home - here is your privacy - fish, swim, hunt and relax realestate fishing hunting canim lake south cariboo log home garden
windy lake, mn here is a little preview of a great camping trip set on windy lake, in superior national forest. just a preview. windy lake fishing camping outdoors gopro superior national forest
   ?       .       ,        ?! ...     .  ! :)         ,    . :) salmon (ingredient) fly fishing (industry)                      atlantic salmon (organism classification)        
thames river kayaking trip: delaware to lake st. clair in this video my friend troy and i kayak the thames river from delaware, ont to lake st. clair. a total of 190+ kms. 5 nights, 6 days of kayaking, camping, and a little fishing. it was fun, grueling, and very rewarding. we got to see a plethora of wildlife, especially  birds such as eagles, hawks, falcons, and blue herons. unfortunately i couldnt take more video due to lack of battery power in my cellphone. thames thames river kayaking fishing camping delaware lake st. clair lighthouse cove mitchells bay pelican kayaks blue heron bald eagles thames river ontario thames river kayaking
drake cabin on back lake, pittsburg nh the drake is situated on the shore of back lake. awake with picture perfect views of the lake, and the mountain scenery beyond while listening to the loons calling. this cabin has two bedrooms, a queen and two twin beds, kitchen, comfortable living area with stone fireplace, as well as a screened porch to take in the lake and views. wireless internet, pet friendly and just steps from the waters of back lake.  the cabins at lopstick offers vacation cabin rentals in beautiful pittsburg nh. choose a cabin with a view of the lake, a cabin with fireplace and jacuzzi or a cabin on the water. along with cabin rentals, lopstick offers canoe and kayak rentals, ski doo snowmobile rentals, upland bird hunting guide service and is an orvis endorsed fly fishing outfitter.   800-538-6659 new hampshire cabin vacation fly fishing lodge hunting lodge vacation cabins snowmobile snowmobiling pittsburg nh  lopstick lodge and cabins cabins at lopstick lopstick back lake (lake) fly fishing (industry)
(sold) 167 morrison new london waterfront for sale prince edward island canada pei charlottetown price $355,000. please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  mls description:  this exceptional year-round, 4 bedroom, post and beam waterfront home was featured in the summer 2003 issue of country decorating ideas. it is situated on the southwest river/new london bay on the north shore of pei. home was built in 1992, r2000 insulation standard. heated and cooled with a ground-source geo-thermal heat pump resulting in relatively low energy costs. finished area is 2415 sq ft, a further 740 sq ft of basement storage space is unfinished. 1.9 acre parcel with 118 feet of waterfront suitable for boating. an adjacent, similar parcel of 1.8 acres and 130 feet of waterfront available for an additional $45,000. the lot is groomed, grass covered, and has stair access to the beach. floors are hardwood, hand made mexican tile and ceramic tile. large deck encompasses the sunroom with 180 degree, magnificent views of the river, bay, pastoral farmland across the river and awesome sunsets.  press on the multimedia button for a complete hd video youtube tour!  located near north rustico harbour, anglo rustico, rusticoville, cavendish, robinsons island, rustico bay, mayfield, st. ann, new glasgow, hunter river, wheatley river, cymbria, rennies road, cape turner, and cavendish beach.  located west of charlottetown, north of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and east of summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit.  michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.    this video pre and post production by:    michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863  century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 11058070.  video youtube link:   and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment morrison lane new london
riveredge cabin on the connecticut river sitting on a rise above the upper connecticut river, riveredge is a private 2 bedroom log cabin. situated on five acres, the wooded surrounding give a wonderful feeling of seclusion. riveredge has two bedrooms, one with a queen bed, a loft bedroom with two twin beds and a queen. cozy log cabin on the upper connecticut river, just steps from trout fishing.  the cabins at lopstick offers vacation cabin rentals in beautiful pittsburg nh. choose a cabin with a view of the lake, a cabin with fireplace and jacuzzi or a cabin on the water. along with cabin rentals, lopstick offers canoe and kayak rentals, ski doo snowmobile rentals, upland bird hunting guide service and is an orvis endorsed fly fishing outfitter.  800-538-6659 new hampshire cabin vacation fly fishing lodge hunting lodge vacation cabins snowmobile snowmobiling pittsburg nh  lopstick lodge and cabins cabins at lopstick lopstick connecticut river (river) tourist destination fly fishing (industry)
eastwind cabin on perry stream, pittsburg nh eastwind is a charming two bedroom cabin located three miles from our main lodge, on day road. this adorable log cabin sits beside the babbling waters of perry stream. overlooking two private ponds, eastwind has rustic charm in a serene streamside setting. there are two bedrooms; one with a queen sized bed, and one with a set of bunks.   the cabins at lopstick offers vacation cabin rentals in beautiful pittsburg nh. choose a cabin with a view of the lake, a cabin with fireplace and jacuzzi or a cabin on the water. along with cabin rentals, lopstick offers canoe and kayak rentals, ski doo snowmobile rentals, upland bird hunting guide service and is an orvis endorsed fly fishing outfitter.  800-538-6659 new hampshire cabin vacation fly fishing lodge hunting lodge vacation cabins snowmobile snowmobiling pittsburg nh  lopstick lodge and cabins cabins at lopstick lopstick perry stream pittsburg (city/town/village) fly fishing (industry)
poplar park, kispiox valley i put this together for two very kind and wonderful people, dave and kathy. kispiox (location) fly fishing (industry) skeena river (river) dave larson poplar park bed and breakfast matt malko chad smith
country haven lodge - miramichi, nb country haven miramichi is a 4-star, year-round outdoor adventure resort located on the riverbank of the world-famous atlantic-salmon river, the miramichi, located in central new brunswick.  country haven offers guest packages that can include air transportation from anywhere in the world, with choices ranging from all-inclusive lodge accommodations to private self-catering 2- or 3-bedroom-cottage rentals.    new brunswick (canadian province) miramichi (city/town/village) fly fishing (industry) blackville (city/town/village)
upper oxbow adventures - miramichi, nb for over 190 years the blackmore family has been in the business of providing the best atlantic salmon angling and outdoor adventure experiences on the miramichi. we took up residence on the banks of the little southwest miramichi in 1823 where we have been stewards of the river for six generations. today, we continue that tradition here at upper oxbow.   miramichi (city/town/village) new brunswick (canadian province) fly fishing (industry)
miramichi tourism - 35 sec - discover miramichi no matter what part of this river you visit, or what part of the world you come from.  there is a certain calmness about this river, that will be sure to make you feel at home.  discover what we know. discovermiramichi.com  voice: paddy quinn  shooting/editing: andrew king miramichi (city/town/village) tourism (interest) miramichi river (river) waterfall (geographical feature category) aerial photography (website category) kayaking (sport) hiking (sport) new brunswick (canadian province) fly fishing (industry) bass fishing (award-winning work)
marine harvest and klemtu : ten years   in 2008, marine harvest canada and kitasoo seafoods celebrated ten years of partnership in klemtu, british columbia, canada. this remote coastal village farms and processes over 10 million pounds of fresh farm-raised salmon each year. (2:31)   marine harvest canada klemtu kitasoo seafoods salmon farms fish farming bc fishing xaixais british columbia first nation spirit bear bella atlantic west coast ferries salmon eggs shearwater
2016 aluma craft competitor 205 corey nault's tournament boat special features subscribe:  instagram:  twitter:  facebook:  web:  address: 9024-100 st westlock ab t7p 2l4 phone: 866.337.4115 2009 alberta angler of the year corey nault explains the most important features of his tournament boat: 2016 aluma craft competitor 205. corey nault wpm westlock power sports and marine competitor 205 aluma craft alumacraft edmonton fishing boat boating pro staff prostaff angler of the year 2009 angler of the year
ledges inn - miramichi, nb located on the magnificent miramichi river in new brunswick, canada, the ledges inn has been a premier 4.5 star destination since 1997. known for great fly fishing, upland bird hunting, and access to snowmobile trails, gourmet dining, and luxurious accommodations, they offer services year-round.  come stay at your all season sporting retreat, any time of the season.   new brunswick (canadian province) miramichi river (river) miramichi (city/town/village) canada (country) fly fishing (industry) fishing (tv genre)
wilson's sporting camps - miramichi, nb for almost a century and a half the wilson family has been in the business of providing great atlantic salmon fly fishing, and outdoor adventures to discerning clients from around the world. they are located in the miramichi river valley of new brunswick, one of the most scenically beautiful places in canada with an abundance of wild atlantic salmon in summer and an abundance of snow in winter.   new brunswick (canadian province) miramichi (city/town/village) fly fishing (industry)
pond's resort - miramichi, nb the pond family of porter cove, new brunswick has operated a riverside adventure lodge in central new brunswick, for four generations, offering visitors opportunities to enjoy the legendary miramichi river up close and personal. ponds resort on the miramichi offers you the classic miramichi river experience, specializing in private riverside lodging, family reunions and meetings, full-service hosting and catering, and affordable outdoor adventures, including fly-fishing for atlantic salmon.    new brunswick (canadian province) miramichi (city/town/village) fly fishing (industry)
for sale 1702 treed acres 5250 ft sandy and pebbles beach lake superior ne of thunder bay $2 mln 1702 treed acres surrounded by crown land, 5250 ft sand and pebbles beach, on black bay peninsula on lake superior, ne of thunder bay. private retreat. naturalist paradise. access only by air or water but road can be built over crown land. 10 bedrooms 1 bathroom 2 storey all metal clad 3,506 sf partially finished lodge built in 1990. living/dining room has cathedral ceiling. bush camp grill in kitchen. 20` x 24` open concept log cabin at edge of in-land laurie lake. stream runs across property. excellent area for the hunting of moose, deer, black bear, partridge and more. wild blueberries and raspberries abound when in season. majestic old growth white pine and red pine make this land very picturesque.    property taxes only $102. asking price $2,000,000   see more pictures at   or      check out my listings at  and  and   let me know if you see anything of interest.   please let me help you to sell your property by adding the best market exposure through   the mls system with written assurance that you can sell your property on your own,   during mls listing, and pay no commission.  are you looking for residential or commercial mortgage ? let me help you with that.   i am also a licensed mortgage broker. let me know what your needs are.  thank you.     andrew sobczak  broker of record   on georgian bay real estate inc.  real estate brokerage  member of the muskoka & haliburton real estate board   rr2, po box 174, victoria harbour, on l0k 2a0     phone   705 543 1341     email    ongeorgianbay@gmail.com     website       website       follow me on twitter      i am selling real estate in entire ontario ...   promoting country living at its best ... and great commercial investments.  realtors can show any listing on mls. why not make it easy on yourself and have one realtor work for you?   i consider a referral the most valuable compliment a client can give me and i always treat prospects referred to me with respect, honesty and professional approach. keep them coming ... accommodation beach bay boating cabin commercial cottage country farm fishing georgian home hotel house hunting huron investment lake land living lodge log lot marina mortgage motel muskoka ontario owner peace power of sale private properties quiet real estate recreational reduced residence residential resort retirement sailing sale sand sandy selling shore ski sunny vacant vacation waterfront
canadian fishing lodge (god's lake,manitoba) gods lake manitoba is a very large lake with a very nice lodge on it, elk island lodge. this is were me and my father stayed, you can go to their website at  gods lake gods lake cabins thefreshwaterangler pike lake trout walleye fishing canada canadian lodge outdoors manitoba canadian fishing lodge elkisland lodge gods river brook trout fly fishing.
holographic golden stonefly nymph nymphe productive pour la pche de l'omble de fontaine et l'arc-en-ciel. fly fishing nymph stonefly mouche pche tyer golden runescape fish chip streamer holographique holographic lac lake pond trout steelhead salmon bass pike nymphe bbite tying pesca outdoors tackle orvis sage mustad stone fly tying (hobby) rapids fly fishing (industry) catch river northern carp
aps inflatable with a aps 25 hp outboard & steering console hd-review newstar marine presents - aps outboards and inflatable this new 13.6" inflatable is equipped with a fuel efficient aps 25hp electric start outboard, steering console & remote controls  and 4 piece aluminum floor. this affordable package can be a rescue / coach boat for rowing clubs, sailing clubs or a fun boat for the family. it weighs under 500 ibs. to order call newstar marine nova scotia canada (902) 488-3600 (c) copyright without permit. review -aps inflatable aps fuel efficient motor affordable outboard 25hp rescue boat coachs boat family fun fish water sport oceans lakes rivers boats fishing sport (industry)
commercial fishing - norfolk county - lake erie - port dover norfolk county's library of video footage is available for media outlets to use free of charge, with permission from norfolk county tourism. contact tourism@norfolkcounty.ca or 519-426-9497. norfolk county fishing fish lake erie harbour harbor tug boat smelt perch pickerel
boating on the humber river and deer lake (by peter bull, newfoundland) in august, we left steady brook and boated up the humber river to deer lake. it was a fantastic day of sunshine and fun. jetski seadoo deer lake humber river steady brook boat water tourism boating newfoundland newfoundlandlabrador peterabull peter bull newfoundland and labrador ronan and cormac salmon angling tubing canada fishing summer pasadena humber village humber resort seal cove
vido arien du larrys gulch aerial video vido arien du larrys gulch aerial video. avec une petite visite des lieux. with a small visit of the place  pour vous inscrire  ma chaine youtube et tre avertie lors de nouvelle vido seront publi cliqu ici:    to find out when the video will be available , please subscribe to my youtube channel here :   -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- please watch: "chasse  l'orignal - moose hunting - o'brien's moose adventure 2016"   -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- chasse orignal chasse et peche nb chevreuil saint-quentin nouveau-brunswick ours noir outarde goose black bear salmon saumon perdrix pche blanche ice fishing marcel ct aventure de belle randonne aerial photography (website category) aerial video larry's gulch larrys gulch restigouche river (river) restigouche county new brunswick (administrative division) fishing fly fishing (industry) vido arien du larrys gulch aerial video
stewiacke river enfield nova scotia canada. stewiacke river enfield nova scotia canada. a bit of scenic view from the famous stewiacke  river. locater near the irving enfield big stop this spot is famous for fishing for striped bass. i plan to do more scenic videos so please subscribe. elmsdale leno's fishing fish water bridge clean fresh sunny near halifax june playbook
how to properly put on waders watch as rossford bass pro shops footwear employees show the correct way to put on waders and explain the different kinds of waders. waders (product category) how-to (website category) fly fishing (industry) walleye (organism classification) bass pro shops (business operation) fishing industry (industry) fisherman (profession)
(sold) prince edward island real estate 78 wild rose lane bayside waterview log home sold!!!!  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate and couldn't afford it, now is your chance.  this is 78 wild rose lane in bayside. located 20 minutes west of summerside, 60 minutes west of charlottetown, 40 minutes west of the confederation bridge in borden, 35 minutes from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  cameras used were a sony hdr-hc7 & canon xh-a1s edited via final cut pro 7. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing kayaking golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
introduction to narrow west and surrounding area by president chad olafson welcome to narrows west.  located on lake manitoba this is a beautiful spot for summer and winter activities of all kinds.  chad olafson the president gives you his own personal introduction to the area, and why you would love to come and check it out. narrows west lodge boating lake manitoba boating reed island fishing fishing lake manitoba
lower buckhorn lake ontario cottage lower buckhorn lake ontario cottage   youtube:  facebook:   for more information on lake buckhorn, go to:   buckhorn lake (lake) ontario (canadian province) lake (geographical feature category) otter cove otter (animal) kawartha lakes (city/town/village) kawartha lakes (body of water) canada (country) deck dock loon (organism classification) mosquito (animal) lower buckhorn lake flooding fishing bass musky sun fish fish (animal)
blane chocklett's t-bone musky fly blane chocklett swings by so world headquarters and cooks up his t-bone musky fly. the t-bone has a huge profile and a great "kick" that make it perfect for big ambush predators like musky. more importantly, blane demonstrates the use of articulated shanks and flex tubing, both of which are really pushing the boundaries of what's possible in fly design. great stuff blane!  looking for hard to find materials to tie blane's t-bone? give schultz outfitters a call (734-544-1761). if you're ever in the ypsilanti, mi area be sure to stop by and check out our original bar flies tying event. always the first. still the best. if you can't make it, be on the lookout for more tying videos shortly. muskellunge (organism classification) fly fishing (industry) fly tying (hobby) fishing (tv genre)
yellowknife nt - flying my drone around pontoon lake flying my drone around pontoon lake. october 8, 2015 , 2:45pm. watch in hd for better viewing. thanks!  tags: tags: aerial photography northwest territories canada drone uav lake river canada yellowknife dji phantom 3 2 1 gopro camera awesome spectacular scenic view mountains landscape yellowknife (city/town/village) lake (geographical feature category) drone dji phantom 1 2 3 aerial photography lake river scenic view fishing dji phantom 1 2 3 water canada quebec manitoba edmonton montreal boat unmanned aerial vehicle (aircraft type) aircraft (type of fictional setting) vancouver ontario
flipping a kayak wearing neoprene chest waders in lake huron  kayak fishing drowning waders myth
lake eugenia, grey highlands, ontario - yours to explore! a tour of lake eugenia showing all 4 seasons of this beautiful lake and all that it has to offer!    yourcommunity.info lake eugenia grey highlands sea & ski tv eugenia fishing boating sailing water skiing swimming waterskiing (sport) paddling vacation man made lake kayaking (sport)
warnerwords: fly tying with mark my grandson's expert fly-tying demonstration. fly fishing (industry) fly tying (hobby) warnerwords blog (industry) fishing lure (sports equipment)
conestogo river st. jacobs dam greenwood, canada an 1840's wooden dam once fed the 1.5 km millrace supplying jacob snider's 1851 gristmill. rebuilt in 1948, the grca dam now controls river flows. a millrace trail links the village and dam. conestogo river st. jacobs ontario canada st. jacobs dam jacob snider pennsylvania-german mennonite rainer maria rilke (author) pliny the elder fly fishing spring greenwood garter snake
whim road lower montague prince edward island real estate 35ac land for sale east of charlottetown  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, raw land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, bed & breakfast, rental cottages, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance   this is a 35 acre parcel of raw land in lower montague whim road prince edward island canada.  located near albion, commercial cross, buffalo land provincial park, kilmuir, lower montague, sturgeon, pembroke, brudenell, and victoria cross. located east of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, east from kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
digby, nova scotia, 2010 town of digby, nova scotia, and its wharf and fishing boats digby wharf fishing boats nova scotia
a true canadian moment loons loons on jack's lake near apsley ontario june 2010. loons fishing jack lake canada
lakewood on opinicon lake- exterior "lakewood" on opinicon lake cottage rental on the rideau lakes cottage rental fishing opinicon lake ontario canada rideau canal
loch island lodge - services this is a highlight of the services at loch island loge in northern ontario near wa wa. fishing hunting vacation ontario michigan camping wa pickerel pike walleye matt zolynsky zolynsky videographer editor producer central coast obispo
why does alberta allow this illegal practice to continue? as we paddled across the province of alberta on the north saskatchewan river we were appalled to see so many cows pooping on shore.  this is an illegal practice and yet despite the fact that these farmers have beautiful large homes, great big shiny farm equipment they are allowed to cut corners and pollute our waters.  all this water flows downstream.  the fish population is stressed and the water is so polluted it's disgusting.  our actions affect others - how these farmers can sleep at night i don't know.  i think it's a shame that some people care more about money than the environment.  i think it's ridiculous that the albertan authorities allow this continue.  what do you think? we are all stewards of this land - we must all do our part. alberta (canadian province) canada (country) cows pollute north saskatchewan river (river) farmers nature protect fish fishing greed
a taste of northern ontario canada - early days without a gimbal or good camera a taste of northern ontario - opspeculate.com - set to full hd  song & video by jason empey - opspeculate northern ontario (canadian province) canada (country) drone uav country opspeculate opspeculate.com aerial photography (website category) dji phantom vision northern ontario (location) water trees river secret magnetawan river (river) north bay (city/town/village) sundridge (city/town/village) south river (city/town/village) creek fishing drone uas jason empey fly
michel lodge - dore lake, sk, canada listen to the serene quietness at michel lodge situated on beautiful dore lake, sk, canada. dore lake michel lodge canada fishing hunting
bayside prince edward island waterfront & waterview lots/land for sale pei canada west of summerside please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: two extra large lots for the price of one located near summerside down a nice private country road with spectacular views of malpeque bay with easy access to the ocean.  great place for a waterfront home or cottage. located near grand river, tyne valley, port hill, birch hill, summerside, central lot 16, belmont provincial part, wellington, st. nicholas, miscouche, green park provincial park, and springhill. located west of charlottetown, the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada.   michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, and prince edward island real estate board (peirea) mls # 13064823. video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
elle's long weekend - lower twin lakes - nakina ontario i skipped fishing in the afternoons and enjoyed sitting on the dock with a cold beer or 2. very comfortable cabins and everything this gal needed to survive a weekend away with the guys.  when i wasn't eating fresh fish i was eating at country kitchen...excellent food. pennocks cabins nakina ontario walleye pike fishing bear hunting woman friendly country kitchen ont
narrows west construction working on the marina docks 2012 the narrows west construction crew has been working hard on getting the docking system refurbished for the spring/summer out at narrows west.  they have been busy grinding them, repairing.  as the warm winter is looking like it will bring an early spring so we want to be prepared when the lake manitoba reaches the right levels and have the docks put back in for a great summer! lake manitoba narrows west narrows west lodge boating boating lake manitoba marina fishing camping
lake ohara teaser canadian travel mongers go into yoho national park in the lake o'hara area. alpine circuit hiking, avalanches, fishing, storms, sunshine, exclusive lodgings and great times. a must on any hiking bucket list. watch for the full length version at:  broken into 11 areas that are not to miss.trail info and maps on each of the segments. hike hiking all souls yukness elizabeth parker hut biddle pass all souls prospect opabin lake o'hara wiwaxy alpine circuit lake mcarthur alpine club of canada petra productions petrapegs canadian travel mongers mountain lake fish fishing kayaking waterfall trail back-country national park yoho alberta lake o'hara lodge lake ohara lake oesa mt lefroy mt victoria mt duchesnay ctm kelly hehn motto video travel canada trail info maps
md of opportunity 100% wild located roughly three hours north of edmonton, alberta canada is the md of opportunity.  the region plays host to eight pristine lakes and five campgrounds.  any outdoor enthusiast will enjoy the rugged, rustic landscape.  this is truly a place to get away from it all. alberta camping fishing road trips wabasca md of opportunity
franks falls lady evelyn lake franks falls lady evelyn lake canada lady eveyln lake canada fishing walleye ontario island10
(sold) 8821 cavendish 2 cottages barn shed for sale. prince edward island canada real estate pei  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is a the "furhmann estate" located in the middle of the tourist area at 8821 cavendish road cavendish pei and includes a large house, two cottages, barn, and shed on almost 2 acres of prime commercial land. located near green gables, hope river, stanley bridge, bayview, springbrook, st. ann, toronto, new glasgow, rustico, rusticoville, cymbria, anglo rustico, and north rustico harbour. located north-west of charlottetown, north of the confederation bridge in borden, north-east from kensington, and north-north-east of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
seasonal docks at narrows west lodge narrows west does its best to provide a great docking system for all the avid boaters that use the area for fishing, or just relaxing on the inviting water of lake manitoba.  they have a great docking system in place that can harbor upwards of 30+ boats to help you better enjoy your summer at narrows west, and lake manitoba. marina lake manitoba lake manitoba marina fishing fishing derby's summer fun
cairns lake a look at cairns lake. canada ontario nestor falls fishing lake fly-in travel tourism cairns cairns lake lodge outpost cabin
sudbury aviation base camp landing @ whitewater lake sudbury aviation base camp landing @ whitewater lake, canada day weekend 2013 sudbury aviation sudbury aviation fishing whitewater lake pickeral pike
caribou migration winter 2010 at kasba lake lodge  caribou walking down the runway behind the staff cabins at kasba lake fishing lodge. visit kasba lake lodge for your next canada fishing vacation canada fishing lodge canada fishing canada fishing vacation canada fishing trip fishing fishing resort fish caribou caribou migration
gold pan inn coalmont bc the gold pan inn is a special place to enjoy a slower pace of life. this unique business opportunity is available. enjoy hiking, mountain biking, hunting, fishing, camping and exploring the wonderful scenery and area of the  bc interior mountains and trails. all images 2016 gary mcdougall no part of this video may be used without written permission. all rights reserved. gold pan gold panning camping hunting fishing hiking atv ghost town coalmont bc british columbia tulameen
noisy creek flowing into baker lake along the baker lake trail #610 this video taken may 19, 2012 along the baker lake trail #610 near noisy creek campground in the north cascades of washington state. this video is of noisy creek flowing into baker laker. a spectacular place to checkout. baker lake nosiy creek trail #610 washington state hiking backpaking camping fishing north cascades tourism
gowganda lake in ontario canada - boating to fish noah dean and cousin jimmy duncan boating on gowganda. fishing boating gowganda canada ontario pike
caribou migration winter 2010 pt2 at kasba fishing lodge  more caribou walking across the runway at kasba lake lodge, shot by our winter care taker scotty bimson. visit kasba lodge for your next canada fishing vacation. cariboo canada fishing kasba lake
young's wilderness camp the musky brothers shot a short video about their trip to young's wilderness camp in nestor falls canada. big musky young's wilderness camp musky brothers canada fishing walleye muskie boats outdoors lake of the woods nature
steelhead vlog 1 "shadolicious" song: last island-dancin'     awesome day of fishing and messing around hope you enjoyed our video hopefully we will be posting more in the near future.  location: east side ohio tributary. fish fish fishing fishing rod rod reel reel bass bass bassfishing bassfishing bassfishing steelhead steelhead rockyriver ohio eggsack spawnsack lake erie lake erie 1rod1reel 1rod1reelfishing jonb apbassin flair winterfishing crazy insane dope lit out side the box angling awahlangling awahlangling cast castnet castnet castnet shad shadolicious bait net cold creek creekchub insane most ever bait tons of shad crazy shad most shad ever biggest shad ever biggest biggest
dodge sport 1500 dirving on the lake. went out fishing thought i would put my cam out for a ride! had a blast just still hate the cracking noise of the ice lol. icefishing ice dodge dodgesport dodgesport1500 canada regina sk sports fishing fish white lol fun hemi iceshack cold winter snow buffalopoundlake lake water toyo belowzero dodge1500 marcoshfdez
emma lake sk canada | aerial/drone view took out my new phantom 3 standard to emma lake with some great friends and got some great shots. let me know what you think! :) camera: dji phantom 3 standard  |  song: k-391 - earth  like, subscribe & share for more videos to come! :)  nocopyrightsounds, music without limitations. ncs drumstep playlist:   support on itunes:  download this track for free:  -- listen on spotify:  listen on soundcloud: [coming]  connect with ncs: snapchat: ncsmusic              k-391          ncs youtube playlists ncs trap  ncs house  ncs dubstep  ncs drumstep  ncs hardstyle  ncs drum&bass  ncs indie dance  ncs electronic playlist:  all ncs music full playlist:   ncs 24/7 livestream | ncs music, all day everyday     sask canada emma lake phantom 3 phantom dji saskatoon aerial 2016 clouds above beach floaty birds eye view stanadard flying around test drones drone friends buddies water cabins trees dock docks cabin beautiful cool paddle board boats sunset fishing relaxing testing explore island bar sand emma lake cabins saskachewan clear emma lake sask saint arnaud saint arnaud regina prince albert north amazing view birds houses house camera top sk shots great fun uav vehicle park
delhaven, nova scotia we like to visit the delhaven beach at low tide when the water is a long way out.  we see several fishing boats at the wharf, and there are lots of crab shells along the beach.  it's fun to walk on the sand, and even through the mud. delhaven beach nova scotia low tide sand mud water crab shells fishing boats
wsc - reel fishing music ~ fish19 ~ p r e d a t o r ~ fishing fight music!! experience the rage and glory ~ fishing music that reels in the big ones!!  true fishing canada inspired ~ music that rocks !! from the rock album fish 22 ~ p r e d a t o r  join the hunt ~w and the stone coons~ (2006) ~  dont leave the dock without this one!!!  the adventure, the feeling, hook up and landing fish or hunting big game. this is the music you want to hear!!! get rev ved up with this reel fishing music ! original fishing music ~ words and music by christopher l pifer ~ lead electric guitar (fish on the line!) by chris cox fishing music the stone coons bass fishing catfishing deep sea fishing spuck spock canada fishing striper fishing original music salt water fishing rock roll reel bass striper largemouth bass fishing smallmouth fishing largemouth pike fishing musky fishing pike musky predator predator fishing predator music fly fishing hunting hunter rocks w and the stone coons chris pifer cox
  " " (red river)    2016.   1               - .  3    (33-35 ).     . fishing catfish winnipeg manitoba red river fishing       canada canada fishing
capilano river coho salmon indian reserve massacre north vancouver british columbia capilano coho salmon indian reserve massacre in north vancouver british columbia september 2012. not saying anything "illegal" was done here. but sometimes you should not do stuff "just because you can, legally speaking". oh and read this on wiki about the indian band "the capilano reserve is the site of major commercial and residential developments, mostly on the west vancouver side of its area. these include the park royal shopping centre and associated apartment buildings, and a small office tower adjacent to the intersection of taylor way, and a large recreational vehicle park more or less beneath the northern end of the lions gate bridge (the highway interchange for the bridge is also on reserve land). foreshore properties along vancouver harbour leased from reserve lands include bulk terminals and other port facilities. revenues from all these arrangements are part of band finances."  you may want to download this video in case it gets removed again. also this video is not affiliated with rodney hsu or the website fishing with rod. capilano river coho salmon indian reserve massacre north vancouver british columbia fishing with rod
for sale 1.4 acre sandy & rocky beach surrounded by 18,000 acres park on north channel lake huron 1.4 acres building lot with sandy beach and rocks within 18,000 acres provincial park 295' on north channel of lake huron  lakefront building lots like this one are rarely, if ever, offered for sale, no private properties around, just provincial park on 3 sides, and almost 300' of beautiful sandy which is stretching further east for miles and miles away the rocky point everyone would dream about, just see the photos and judge for yourself you can't buy crown land or land within provincial park or conservation areas anymore  this lot is on mainland but can be accessed by water or air only due to the fact that it is surrounded by 18,000 acres of provincial park which is open to public but there are no roads through it  the lot is backing into quartz covered mountains which look like covered with snow even in summer btw, hunting is allowed in the park according to mnr ... million dollars view on north channel of lake huron, area most desired by world class sailors survey is available the seller is a licensed real estate broker only serious inquiries please ...   included in asking price are:  1973 alcan seavilla 300, 30` house cruiser aluminum v-hull 2 volvo penta 185 hp gasoline engines survey $30k value, so you don`t need to build a cottage there, i can add 10 solar 280w panels, 2 600w wind turbines, 10 deep cycle marine batteries, 2 minn kota electric 165 lbs of thrust motors, all new, never installed  and 2014 custom built 12` hovercraft, 3 seats, 16.5 hp lift and 31 hp thrust new 4 strokes motors to get you there over water or thin ice.  open for trade for real estate ...  property taxes $700. asking price $499k reduced ... open for offers ... see it at  or   exact location at   check out my listings at  and     thank you ... enjoy your day !   life is ten percent what you make it, and ninety percent how you take it ! when the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.  andrew sobczak broker of record  on georgian bay real estate inc. real estate brokerage rr2, box 174, victoria harbour, on, l0k 2a0 cell #   705 543 1341 internet fax 270 738 8152 ongeorgianbay@gmail.com iamrealtor@icloud.com    howrealtorshelp.ca follow me on twitter  twitter.com/ongeorgianbay  i am selling real estate in ontario, canada ...  promoting country living at its best ... and great investments. i do mortgages as well ...  realtors can show any listing on mls. why not make it easy on yourself and have one realtor work for you?  i consider a referral the most valuable compliment a client can give me and i always treat prospects referred to me with respect, honesty and professional approach. keep them coming ...  9 things fsbo companies don't want consumers know ...  5 things to know when selling home by yourself ...   not intended to solicit buyers or sellers currently under contract. please consider the environment before printing this email. be green! read from the screen. lake front building lot rare sale boating private serene privacy wilderness property hunting mountains lacloche sand beach rock crown land conservation provincial park public snow summer million dollar view north channel huron world class sailing beauty water access mountain climbing boat national real estate tourism trail outdoor sports motor sports fishing perelka north channel lake huron little current sagamok reserve fort lacloche serenity group of seven
beaver landing at long lake.mpg beaver landing at long lake outpost canada fly in fishing trip
sold: bc fishing resort for sale - 4.5 acres - wendego lodge sold! wendego lodge on beautiful tranquille lake is a privately owned fishing resort just an hour and a half north of kamloops b.c.. this amazing resort has been a favorite vacation spot to families and fishermen from all over the world who are looking for a peaceful retreat from the hustle and bustle of city life.  the resort features 4.5 acres (1.823 ha) of deeded property of which 800 feet is lakefront, as well as a license of occupation on a further approx.  acre (another 200' of waterfront). wendego lodge is the only deeded property on the lake. there are no other resorts or developments within 10 miles of the lake.  visit  for more details fishing resort for sale resort sale real estate bc kamloops property house fishing vacation british columbia (canadian province) canada canadian wendego lodge bcfroa
echoing lake fishing adventure in northern ontario canada for a once in a lifetime exclusive fishing adventure - come to echoing lake fishing in northern ontario.  prisitine and exclusive in a large area accessible only by plane to a private camp that only 50 fisherman saw last year.  superbly equipped in the remote north, you will not be disappointed; trophy pike, walleye, lake trout, whitefish and more... contact us today for a very limited availability echoing lake fishing yelling andy tardiff sachigo walleye pike trout adventure northern ontario canada
rough day on the ocean this on the coast of newfoundland video was made on a day when the ocean winds were blowing so hard that you did not want to chance going out in the boat or even playing at the beach, you need to see this one to feel the power of mother nature!! ocean tsunami tidalwave newfoundland newfie fishing boat newfoundland (dog) tourism sailing boats
cruising 30 knots looking for tyee fishing prince rupert - dundas island - british columbia, canada fishing salmon boat cruising
keewaydin temagami 2011 basecamp girls wilderness canoe trips for girls ages 10-18 with keewaydin camp on lake temagami in ontario canada. these fun, empowering and safe excursions build outdoor skills while fostering strength, leadership, self reliance and confidence. keewaydin temagami wilderness canoe girls summer camp friendship skills leadership independence strength team canoeing trips outdoor camping swimming paddling fishing water river holiday fun boats
woodland caribou provincial park, irvine lake canoeing and camping a collection showing camping, fishing, canoeing and enjoying a remote lake in northwest ontario, canada. includes the takeoff of a norseman floatplane from the lake. irvine lake loons lake trout fishing canoeing fly-in canoe trip ontario canada norseman floatplane+woodland caribou provincial park
big rideau lake luxury waterfront - 196  sheldon rd, portland ontario imagine sitting on your beautiful wrap around deck watching the sunset over the horizon of the big rideau lake.  where can you get the solitude of cottage life with the luxury of a year round estate? 196 sheldon road.  this amazing 5 bedroom custom built executive bungalow on the south side of big rideau lake boasts soaring ceilings, granite throughout and exotic flooring.  located on the south side of one of the most sought after bays on the rideau system this luxury home does not disappoint. gourmet kitchen, billiards room, office, studio, mezzanine, 7 car heated garage and master retreat with panoramic view of the lake from your own private spa.  the list of upgrades goes on for miles, a must see for sure. big rideau lake waterfront luxury homes re/max waterfront rideau canal portland
prince edward island real estate waterfront victoria west overview lots, oceanfront home/beach house  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate and couldn't afford it, now is your chance.  this is victoria west.  lots from $9,990 to $45,000, and a waterfront beach house for $399,877.  located 30 minutes west of summerside, 60 minutes west of charlottetown, 40 minutes west of the confederation bridge in borden, 35 minutes from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:  and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing kayaking golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
prince edward island real estate waterfront oceanfront acreage next to lighthouse  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate and couldn't afford it, now is your chance.  this is cape egmont with approximately 2.62 acres of waterfront located directly in front of a lighthouse.  this property has just been reduced from $109,877 to $79,877.  located 20 minutes west of summerside, 60 minutes west of charlottetown, 40 minutes west of the confederation bridge in borden, 35 minutes from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:   cameras used were a nikon d200, sony hdr-hc7, & canon xh-a1s edited via final cut pro 7. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing kayaking golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
approaching horizons north fishing resort from the lake horizons north offers clean, comfortable and affordable housekeeping cottages in a family friendly atmosphere.  our northern ontario fishing and hunting resort offers you abundant walleye/pickerel, bass and northern pike fishing on two secluded lakes.  we also offer accommodation for the avid moose, bear and small game hunters.  atv and hiking trails galore to explore when youre not fishing.  visit our webpage:  or rate us on tripadvisor:  or even follow us on facebook:  horizons north fishing resort holiday camp canada ontario boating marten river vacation
kananaskis brook a small river flows in kananaskis country, alberta, canada, in the front ranges of the canadian rockies. kananaskis alberta river stream brook water mountain mountains rockies canada wilderness camping fishing
let's go outdoors season 3 - promo one season three of this outstanding television show on alberta's great outdoors goes to air january 12, 2014 on city tv. get a glimpse of what the show has to offer! michael short let's go outdoors outdoors elma mehmedbebovic mary hulbert brad fenson alberta devon energy dow royal alberta museum alberta tourism alberta parks cabela's canada bear owl (organism classification) fishing hunting boating hiking
grand rapids wilderness adventures - season three - part 3 in the final installment of our adventure along the mighty athabasca river we enjoy some fishing, canoeing, and another great meal. hosts darcy and shirley zelman talk about the special relationship with alberta parks that allows them to maintain their guest lodge in this beautiful part of alberta. michael short let's go outdoors outdoors mary hulbert alberta alberta parks ep13 canada rapids river jet boat hiking canoeing fishing walleye northern pike goldeye rocky mountain whitefish grayling grand rapids wilderness adventures grand rapids wildland lodge ling cod
floodwood loop - an adirondacks adventure 2 day 1 night kayak trip in the st regis wilderness area.  shot on flip hd and gopro hero2. edited on pinnacle ultimate studio. adirondacks kayak trip floodwood loop adirondack kayak st. regis overnight trip kayak fishing fishing adirondack fishing adirondack overnight gopro hero2 flip
 mystery unboxing!!!  march 4th, 2017 - vaughan, ontario  woah!!! this isn't a vlog, nor is it a how-to video. here's us unboxing something we ordered for a while and was so eager to receive it. we checked the mail as quickly as possible everyday, and wednesday,  march 1st, 2017 at 5pm we received it.  had to wait until we got together so we could record an unboxing video for you guys. this is our first impressions - we have not seen it at all. only idea we had about it was the layout on the computer which looks so different than in rl (rl=real life... for those who had no idea but didn't want to ask "stupid" questions).  we tried to keep it short, sweet, and entertaining by adding a dash of fun. see, not all unboxings are boring.   don't forget to check out skollgear ( for all sun-protective apparel. they strive to provide you with amazing clothing that'll protect you from the sun while you're out, and to keep you out longer to catch more.  when ordering, let skoll know we sent you & get a great deal!!  also, to catch more fish you have to have contact one way or another. whether it be head-on, the bottom, where ever. woo! tungsten gives amazing high quality weights for those flipping and drop shots. more sensitive, to have you feel everything. it's not fishing without any sort of contact. so never forget that "fishing is a contact sport" and go catch some fish especially equipped with woo!tungsten! [ discount codes ]     hope you liked it. if so, please like, comment, and subscribe!!  thanks, ff  --------------------------------------------------------------  what we wore:  daniel's hat -   daniel's shirt (medium) -   david's hat -   david's hoody (medium) -   --------------------------------------------------------------  tech gear  gopro hero 4 sessions  gopro gooseneck  insignia tripod for gopro  samsung galaxy s6 & s6 edge  --------------------------------------------------------------  thanks again and hope to see you in the next one!!!! mystery mystery unboxing unboxing fishing fishing finatics fishingfinatics skollgear fishing is a contact sport fishing apparel bass tournament fishers canadian fishermen canadian anglers
good hope cannery, rivers inlet b.c. the good hope cannery in british columbia canada. an amazing lodge over 100 years old in rivers inlet.  this is the best place in the world for salmon fishing.  everything here was perfect, the food was amazing and the staff were too!  it was a once in a lifetime trip i'll never forget. salmon fishing coho chinook good hope cannery rivers inlet british columbia toddstar
let's go outdoors tv show: episode 8 welcome to let's go outdoors! this half-hour television series is the part of the lgo programming line up. the 13 week series runs on ctv two in alberta sunday evenings at 6:30 pm and on shaw cable edmonton several times during the week. visit our website at  for more information. fishing pipeline native burial ground horizontal drilling naturalist kerry wood nature centre red deer nature alberta
(3 sold) prince edward island real estate waterfront oceanfront birch hill west/summerside  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate and couldn't afford it, now is your chance.  this is birch hill, solomon sub division, waterfront/oceanfront/bay building lots $34,877-$39,877, waterfront cottage $134,877 reduced from $149,877.  located 20 minutes west of summerside, 60 minutes west of charlottetown, 40 minutes west of the confederation bridge in borden, 35 minutes from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:  and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:   camera used is a sony hdr-hc7. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing kayaking golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
dry pine bay 30mph dry pine bay  french river oct 26 2007  30mph boat fishing french river dry pine bay 30mph
summer 2016 from the sky a collection of my favourite shots from summer 2016. i am a photographer specializing in aerial and action video and photography. although i am based in the "boring" province of manitoba, canada, i desire that my work would show the beauty of my great province. all video was shot with dji phantom 3 and edited with imovie on macbook. please like and subscribe so that i know you want to see more!  soundtrack courtesy of: brittle rille kevin macleod (incompetech.com) licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0 license  dji phantom drone aerial photography dji phantom 3 manitoba canada summer 2016 sasa-ginni-gak lake lodge nature farming chevrolet silverado photography fishing cessna caravan
waterway houseboats - shuswap lake, british columbia without a doubt, houseboating is one of the most relaxing and enjoyable ways to spend summertime in the thompson okanagan. waterway houseboats houseboat houseboating shuswap lake summer activities boat boating beaches water fishing wakeboarding wakeboard bike biking mountain biking vacation tourism bc british columbia salmon arm sicamous hike hiking adventure accommodation holiday sunshine camping rtown tv television outdoors nature
washington park, anacortes, wa, usa beautiful views of guemes channel and burrows bay as seen from washington park and also the park's famous leaning tree (one of washington state's most photographed tree) in the historic town of anacortes on fidalgo island in skagit county, washington, usa during our trip on sep. 3, 2011.  washington park is located on a peninsula at the western tip of fidalgo island. the 220-acre city park features camping, a boat launch, and day use picnic sites. the park juts into rosario strait on the western edge of anacortes, offering territorial views. a scenic 2.3-mile one-way loop road winds through the park's forested hills and meadows with views of the san juan islands and olympic mountains. the park offers sweeping views of guemes channel on one side and burrows bay on the other.  at sunset beach, on the north shore, there is a boat launch, restrooms, reservable picnic shelter, playground and open play area. there are 75 campsites, restrooms, showers and laundry services in the overnight area. picnic sites and car pullouts provide beach access along green point, the west shoreline. the loop road is used by cars, joggers, bicyclists and walkers.  anacortes is the gateway to the san juan and vancouver islands. downtown anacortes has over 125 life-sized murals painted by local resident bill mitchell. he painted the murals over the last 25 years from historical photographs. his art is on display all over downtown buildings with depictions of historic scenes. pick up a free mural map at the visitor center located at 819 commercial avenue as it is a wonderful way to discover anacortes.   anacortes is located 18 miles west of mount vernon and about one hour drive from bellingham to the north and seattle to the south.  driving directions to the park: from i-5 take highway 20 west. enter anacortes on spur 20 and take commercial avenue to 12th street. turn left on 12th and follow the signs (about 3 miles) to washington park.  address: 6300 sunset avenue anacortes, wa 98221 usa  for campsite and boat launch parking availability information call: +1-360-293-1927.  for more information on the park, visit  park map:   other top destinations in anacortes:  the anacortes mural project  cap sante marina (  )   anacortes kayak tours (  )   heart lake   rosario beach   tug boat park   anacortes museum (  )   w.t. preston boat national historic landmark (snagboat heritage center)  guemes island (  )   waterfront festival (  )   causland memorial park (  )   deception pass bridge (  )  for more information visit the anacortes chamber of commerce website @   visitor center  819 commercial avenue anacortes  phone: +1-360-293-3832 washington park waterfront anacortes usa america coast nature fidalgo bay ferry san juan islands vancouver sightseeing recreational tour sunshine coast roache harbor yacht charters whale watching adventures maritime heritage fishing history museum seabear smokehouse skagit anna curtis amos bowman sidney victoria shipwreck day downtown what the heck fest community arts festival jazz blues music oyster run biker motorcycle rally pacific northwest murals project bill mitchell tree
insulating the ice hut me and colin installed some of the styrofoam insulation in the cluculz iice hilton icefishing cluculz lake ice hut shanty.
nautical disaster 2012 the ss "nautical disaster" summer 2012 retrospective.  touring the nepisiguit river, bathurst harbour, bay of chaleur, quebec and new brunswick.  good times were had by all.  enjoy! nautical disaster boat bathurst bathurst marina nepisiguit river bay of chaleur caraquet water skiing captain dan's shediac metallica tragically hip fishing mackerel
lgo 30 sec. promo 2013 season two of the let's go outdoors tv show is under way. we bring you great outdoor stories from across alberta, canada. hope you will join us! canada alberta outdoors camping fishing hunting hiking skiing climbing michael short elma mehmedbegovic mary hulbert brad fenson animals wildlife shotguns shooting conservation habitat reclamation shooting sport (sport) deer park nature mountain banff jasper boating archery natural areas sport sports
mayor gimli - talks about zebra mussel threat to alberta recently i had an opportunity to sit down with the mayor of gimli manitoba which is dealing with a serious issue of zebra mussels.the mayor told me that alberta has it right when it comes to setting up watercraft inspection stations, to help prevent the spread of zebra mussels. he doesn't want to see the same thing happen in alberta that has occured in his province. michael short let's go outdoors outdoors alberta zebra mussels invasive species lke winnipeg environment fishing laclabiche
war falls, carp lake, british columbia published on aug 23, 2015 aerial photography of war falls, in carp lake provincial park. north of prince george bc  recorded with a dji phantom 3 pro   music: in your arms, kevin macleod (incompetech.com)  licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0  tourist destination canada british columbia (canadian province) carp lake provincial park tourism (interest) fishing prince george (city/town/village) aerial photography (website category)
rise & shine at milbanke sound guest hit the water at dawn at our milbanke sound location, one of our luxury fly-in fishing lodges on bc's central coast.   for more information on a westcoast resorts fishing getaway call us toll free at 1.800.810.8933 online:  facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  westcoast resorts west coast resorts fishing british columbia angling bc canada adventure milbanke milbanke sound fishing resort boats vacation rental (industry) travel central coast resort (industry)
gacka - 50 jahre fliegenfischen mit guten freunden ein zusammenschnitt von fotos und videos von ber 50 jahren fliegenfischen an der gacka. flyfishing
maynard lake lodge | low pass flyover aerial view of the maynard lake lodge property.    maynard lake lodge is located on a prime position on the esteemed english river system. accessible only by float plane, maynard is found 50 air miles northeast of kenora, ontario, canada. our deluxe, 5 star resort is the only one on the lake, and provides a remote fishing and hunting experience for up to thirty two guests on truly unspoiled waters.  maynard lake lodge offers great corporate packages. if you have valued employees or customers that deserve reward or incentive, a trip to maynard lake lodge is exactly what you need. most of our corporate clients say it is the best money they have ever spent. contact us and let us help put together a corporate package that will suite your particular needs.    musky muskie walleye smallmouth smallie maynard lake english river kenora ontario canada fish fishing casting bait float plane fly in lodge lake of the woods ontario (location) dji phantom p2v+ phantom vision quadcopter drone aerial photography
memory lane heritage village a possible route to your roots, if any of your ancestors were born or lived in lake charlotte & area, halifax county, nova scotia, canada.  stroll back in time to the 1940s at memory lane heritage village. this award winning site includes 16 rescued buildings from the surrounding coastal communities, authentically restored to the 1940s period. local animators share their memories of the industry and skills of this period. the site also features a working cookhouse (serving heritage meals), farm animals and garden. the fishing, mining and forestry industries are represented alongside a beautiful community church, one-room schoolhouse, general store and homestead. the eastern shore archives hosts a variety of materials on the families, social, natural and economic history of the eastern shore. routes to your roots memory lane heritage village thea wilson-hammond lake charlotte area society black sails clary croft philip neville brendan sutcliffe council of nova scotia archives cnsa genealogy family history tourism fishing canada eastern shore 1940s
terracana mountain estates, valemount, b.c.,canada google earth virtual tour. try it interactive in 3d here at:   google earth panorama placemarks overlay real estate subdivision recreational property canada bc vacation rental guest ranch horses angus beef fishing atving boating hunting terracana resort british columbia mt robson tete jaune cache valley rocky monashee cariboo mountains panorama vr 360 photography milko amorth
iqaluit landscape 2008 iqaluit, nunavut scenery iqaluit nunavut ice north arctic fishing baffin island nature inuit eskimo sunset circle city capital cotton river ottawa first air canadian north canada bird inukshuk inuksuk skidoo northern lights auroa borelis sea greenland iceberg tundra frobisher bay brown building storehouse zoo destination cold freezing winter pole shelf dark permafrost polar
marmots and more in the okanagan, bc just some of the sights we saw during a brief drive south of kelowna, british columbia.  we drove through peachland, summerland, penticton, ok falls, oliver down to osoyos. marmots groundhog video super natural british columbia videos canada vacation packages destination peachland getaways summerland flights to penticton lake okanagan falls oliver vaseux osoyoos tourism travel lakefront resorts motel sheep big horn jcvdude productions guide wildlife touring fishing hiking sailing boat rentals fruit stands vineyards
for sale: lakeview inn 15 rooms upscale hotel blind river transcanada hwy 17 lakeview inn 15 rooms hotel and restaurant in blind river on transcanada hwy 17.  very quiet, clean rooms equipped at quality hotel standard.  outstanding condition, best quality of service you can find along stretch of the hwy between sudbury and st sault marie  and most likely anywhere else in ontario ! ... located on 0.85 acre lot. excellent income ... inquire for financials.  3+2 bdrms residence ...  metal roof, stucco exterior. natural gas powered hot water radiator heating, most economical ever.  wifi internet, cable tv. municipal water and sewer. the owner wants to retire after 23 years in business.  expansive upgrades done, just regular maintenance needed. best investment ever ...  expansion possibility: 2nd floor can be built, vacant land on north side available, franchise the motel. make an offer ...  property taxes $16k. asking price $1.3 mln negotiable see it at  or   check out my listings at  and    also for sale: 1.4 acres building lot with sandy beach and rocks within 18,000 acres provincial park 295' on north channel of lake huron world class sailing on mainland but can be accessed by water or air only due to the fact that it is surrounded by 18,000 acres of provincial park  which is not open to public and therefore there are no roads or trails  backing into quartz covered mountains  hunting is allowed in the park according to mnr ... see it at  ... it's for sale ... make me an offer  thank you ... enjoy your day !   life is ten percent what you make it, and ninety percent how you take it ! when the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.  andrew sobczak broker of record  on georgian bay real estate inc. real estate brokerage rr2, box 174, victoria harbour, on, l0k 2a0 cell #   705 543 1341 internet fax 270 738 8152 ongeorgianbay@gmail.com iamrealtor@icloud.com    howrealtorshelp.ca follow me on twitter  twitter.com/ongeorgianbay  i am selling real estate in ontario, canada ...  promoting country living at its best ... and great investments.  realtors can show any listing on mls. why not make it easy on yourself and have one realtor work for you?  i consider a referral the most valuable compliment a client can give me and i always treat prospects referred to me with respect, honesty and professional approach. keep them coming ...  9 things fsbo companies dont want consumers know   5 things to know when selling home by yourself    not intended to solicit buyers or sellers currently under contract. beach boating cabin chalet commercial cottage country farm fishing for sale by owner for sale fsbo georgian bay hunting investment lake land living lodge log home lot mansion marina ontario peace property real estate recreation recreational rental residence residential resort retirement rural sailing sand shore vacant land vacation waterfront blind river lake huron hotel motel income property excellent income restaurant tourism
german tourists experience temagami a collection of photos, videos, and interviews with customers from the tourconsult international tour package "houseboating adventure in ontario, canada"; showcasing what they felt was the highlights of their trip. temagami houseboating germany german tourists fishing travel outdoors tourism adventure houseboat nature hiking
best of canadian living - the kootenays!! the kootenays are of british columbia is one of the best of canadian living areas.  beauty and nature exemplify this part of british columbia. christina lake ruby throated hummingbird food photographs pictures lonely planet nature national geographic everyday explorer british columbia bc tourism sony canon nikon lodge kootenay boundary rockies hotels motels caribbean jcv hellobc hiking biking ornithology bird watching wildlife trans canada trail jcvdude fishing campgrounds b&b rental vacation westjet bed and breakfast 2010 winter olympics real estate kootenays
by the bicycle around fish creek park & glenmore lake (calgary - canada) "part 2" canada calgary fish creek bike mountain downtown lake park beaver riding sport summer ride biking around toronto fishing bicycle canada calgary fish creek bike mountain downtown lake park beaver riding sport summer ride biking around toronto fishing bicycle canada vancouver ontario ottawa old toronto john part world michigan montreal calgary alberta
summer fun at auberge lac--l'eau-claire  - htellerie champtre summer time activities at the auberge lac--l'eau-claire located in st-alexis-des-monts (half-way between montral and quebec city).  great resort offering year-round activities.  biking, hiking, quad, fishing, watersports are available directly on site.  an amazing in-door pool (semi-olympic size) is just fantastic !  different options are available for accommodation: regular bedroom, chalet rentals, condo, deluxe pavillion.  you pick your choice according to your needs ! quebec montreal mauricie resort nature fishing biking pool package trout hotel romantic activities auberge inn
01916bc4ec1065ab8ca8c79d0281272dec27879a08 moose hunting big sand lake lodge in manitoba canada, lodge guest barry harper from louisiana talks about his hunt. moose hunt hunting big sand lodge fishing ganglers arctic saskatchewan alaska moose alaska hunting wisconsin illinois british columbia (canadian province) yukon safari club big game hunt
the encounterin' grounds - 4 eel fishing a cartoon recount of an encounter with a strange creature in missisauga, ontario.  excerpted from 4 eel fishing episode 4, originally released in 2012. toronto mysterious creature encountering beast sunny humor comedy terror amatuer fishing 4 eel fishing river golf course strange disease animal cryptid cryptoid kokemachine mississauga
oles close and tow.flv ole's hakai pass fishing lodge is now shut down until next season... follow the happenings on our shut down days with this slide show of pictures as the crew readies the lodge for winter shut down and the tow to the lodge's winter home in campbell river, bc. ole's hakai pass fishing travel fall family
(sold) cbc tv: most expensive house atlantic canada prince edward island real estate pei canada see the original video here:   complete aerial video tour here:   reduced to $3.950,000. cbc tv: the most expensive house in atlantic canada prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront 576 cable head east.  featuring michael poczynek, century 21 nothumberland, and john ives, century 21 colonial.  subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and get all pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. this is the cbc compass news tv coverage of the house.   this spectacular architectural gem, located on the north coast, sits on a bluff facing the awesome expanse of the atlantic ocean. nestled in the natural landscape of 11 acres, this 13,500 sq ft home was designed by a nationally renowned american architect who also oversaw every detail of construction. no expense was spared in the construction of this home from the foundation of reinforced poured concrete to roof of western red cedar; every effort was made to build a house meant to last generations. the exterior of the house features cape cod siding and imported pennsylvania field stone from valley forge mountain. the stone walls as well as all of the patios are capped in pennsylvania flag stone, giving the house a natural feel that blends into the surrounding landscape. the windows in the house are all pella architectural series windows, all of them custom built for this house. these solid wood windows feature aluminum cladding on the exterior as well as vivid view screens. located near gulf of st. lawrence, atlantic ocean, greenwich, greenwich national park, cable head east, cable head west, st. peters bay, st. peters, red head, cable head, goose river, morell, midgell, crowbush golf course, crowbush, and lakeside. located east of cavendish, cavendish beach, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit.  this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 mls# 08041988. video youtube link:  and  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand century21 realtor mls atlantic cbc tv compass news carr cable head east real estate
belmont lot 16 waterfront real estate for sale prince edward island canada pei west of summerside reduced to $86,888. (7/27/13). please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: this is a really nice large piece of acreage close to summerside, and all the amenities it has to offer. when you enter the property you are on a bit of a hill with a 360 degree water view. the property is accessed by a prime paved road on a dead end. you will have complete privacy and seclusion here on this large waterfront parcel. ideal for a building site for an estate complete with pasture land, fishing at your very own shoreline, and boating is certainly possible. this property offers a lot for a small price. located near belmont provincial park, belmont lot 16, miscouche, st. nicholas, birch hill, grand river, malpeque bay, port hill, tyne valley, wellington, slemon park, linkletter, richmond, and springhill. located west of charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13067871. video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment dji phantom gopro belmont
float plane takeoff takeoff from moosehorn lake,ontario  2008  filmed by steve krom  pilot jaime c from halleys outposts airplane float plane fishing canada moosehorn lake ontario nature travel outpost cool fun
2009 pine portage lodge pine portage lodge, kabinakagami lake, northern ontario august 2009 kabinakagami lake wawa canada fishing northern ontario walleye proshow
(sold) prince edward island sunbury cove estates 21 mckenna st. nicholas waterview beach house  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.  this is 21 mckenna lane located in sunbury cove estates, st. nocholas. located 18 minutes west of summerside, near mont carmel, union corner, miscouche, wellington, 45 minutes west of charlottetown, 30 minutes west of the confederation bridge in borden, 20 minutes from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  camera used was a canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
victoria west waterfront property for sale 20 acres prince edward island real estate pei summerside price reduced to $45,000.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is 20 acres of waterfront land partially farmed in victoria west. located near north enmore, enmore, springhill, richmond, mount pleasant, st. chrysostome, urbainville, abram village, and ellerslie (western pei). located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and west of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
the columbia river project in 1966 - construction of the keenleyside dam this is footage from 1966 of the construction of the keenleyside dam on the lower arrow lake.   this is one of the dams that is part of the columbia river treaty  the original footage is at this link:  columbia river (river) arrow lakes (body of water) keenleyside dam columbia river treaty arrow lakes dam keenleyside arrow lakes bc columbia river dams pacific northwest (region) bonneville power fishing columbia river before dams columbia river dam columbia river treaty between usa and canada kneelyside dam bc arrow lake bc columbia river bc river dam construction footage columbia river resource columbia river dams dam
alumacraft 2017 models have just arrived subscribe:  instagram:  twitter:  facebook:  web:  address: 9024-100 st westlock ab t7p 2l4 phone: 866.337.4115 alumacraft 2017 models have just arrived at westlock powersports & marine. alumacraft alumacraft 2017 aluma craft boats boats boating fishing fishing boats edmonton westlock alberta stettler wainwrite slave lake red deer spruce grove
sainte christine dauvergne canada vacation rental cabin vacation rentals and holiday homes throughout quebec, canada. welcome to our lovely log cabin village in ste-christine d'auvergne, 50 minutes from quebec city. over 35 unique properties which are all made of logs. either one of them will fit your criterias since some have private spas, saunas, pool tables, poker tables or wifi internet. every cabin is near water, either near the ste-anne's river or near one of our small five lakes. you can either fish on the deck or go swimming in front of the cottage. from 2 to 6 bedrooms, they can accommodate couples, friends and family reunions. some cabins accommodate up to 20 people. summer and winter alike, the great outdoors provide an endless source of pleasure. you can fish all year long on our lakes, as well as canoeing and kayaking.  our village is 50 minutes from quebec city and 50 minutes from trois-rivieres in the beautiful porneuf region. we are 20 minutes from golf clubs le grand-portneuf and le golf des pins. see more at:  canada vacation rentals cabin winter summer fishing lakes fun family quebec city
(sold) 164 tracey north carlton prince edward island real estate waterfront confederation bridge please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: residential - this year round oceanfront beach house is centrally located in north carleton only 5 mins from the base of the confederation bridge. the house is located on a private road in a quiet neighborhood, a short distance to world class golfing,confederation trail,provincial parks,restaurants and dinner theatres. from the deck you will enjoy a beautiful view of the confederation bridge and will be only 75 feet to the ocean water. the water is warm and the tide pools are great for the kids. take a stroll along the shore at low tide and search for crabs, clams, star fish and lots of water treasures. the warm tide pool waters are great for children and adults for swimming and making sand castles. confederation trail is only a 5 min drive away. this 3 bedroom, 2 bath home has been used as a summer rental and has a well established rental revenue.  located near confederation bridge, borden carleton, victoria, victoria provincial park, cape traverse, north tryon, tryon, hampton, albany, crapaud, kinkora, chelton, and lady fane. located west of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada.   michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, and prince edward island real estate board crea (peirea) mls # 12063304. video youtube link:  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment
top 10 kootenay lake series - wildlife the first installment of our kootenay lake top 10 series. these videos will cover everything from hiking trails to best restaurants, local activities, best kept secrets, and all the reasons that make kootenay lake so unique. top ten best kootenay lake wildlife environment wing creek accommodations natural peaceful resort water beach swimming fishing hiking biking restaurants park climbing mountain national nature travel mountains culture adventure destination trail favorite
(sold) prince edward island real estate 24 patrick's lane grand river waterfront cottage summerside  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.  this is a gorgeous almost new waterfront cottage on 2.67 acres. located in grand river, 20 minutes west of summerside, 55 minutes west of charlottetown, 30 minutes west of the confederation bridge in borden, 40 minutes from kensington. close to birch hill, macdougall, birch hill, malpeque bay. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills) kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  camera used was a canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
faces of newfoundland, episode 2 a photoblog capturing faces and stories across the island, faces of newfoundland proudly presents its second video highlighting the amazing people and places of our great province.   special thanks to all video contributors and to ron hynes and buddy wasisname & the other fellers for agreeing to contribute their music.  song info: ron hynes - no change in me buddy wasisname & the other fellers - saltwater joys newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) newfoundland (geographical feature) happy scenery tourism fishing culture happiness canada dog cat buddy wasisname and the other fellers (musical group) ron hynes (composer) faces of newfoundland st.john's puppy (animal) no change saltwater joys adventure nature travel funny peace face faces
return to buckhorn - 1971 this super 8mm movie was shot in july 1971 at buckhorn narrows campground, in buckhorn, ontario.  the location is in the kawartha lakes region of southern ontario.  included in this are pictures of buckhorn lake, the gannons narrows bridge, the peterborough lift lock, and the tour of the trent-severn canal from a tour boat in downtown peterborough, which shows the waterspray near beavermead the chex-tv tower and studio facility; and trent university where the tour boat turns around, to head back to go through the lift lock, then back to the mooring area downtown in peterborough.    also included are film segments of my father and his friend fishing for walleye at buckhorn lake, plus a site survey we did of what was to had been future places to go and rent a cabin, boat, etc.  unfortunately, my father (the white haired gentleman) died in 1976 and we never did go as a family to that part of ontario after 1972.      this movie was shot on super 8 film and thus has no audio on it.  it is a historical record of my family and my parents friends from 1971, when we would vacation together.      please leave comments and feel free to view other videos placed on youtube.  all rights to these videos belong to myself. buckhorn peterborough kawartha lakes trent-severn canal fishing
352 hebrides lane prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront beach cottage cavendish please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: residential - waterfront gem in new london. enjoy panoramic views from your back deck of this cozy 2 bedroom cottage in very desirable hebrides subdivision. if you have been looking for that little piece of heaven at a great price here on pei then look no further. close to world class golf courses, white sandy beaches, amenities, restaurants, anne of green gables and so much more. cottage features large windows in living room overlooking the back deck and water plus has ensuite bath off of master. call for your private viewing today and begin enjoying your summer now. located near french river, long river, new london, hebrides, cavendish, cavendish beach, new london bay, stanley bridge, hope river, mayfield, north granville, millvale, north rustico, clinton, and margate.  located north west of charlottetown, north east of the confederation bridge in borden, east from kensington and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada.   michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, and prince edward island real estate board (peirea) mls # 13067107. video youtube link:  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video
happy trout lodge in parksville located on vancouver island meet markus from happy trout lodge located in parksville, b.c. markus has 8 ponds on his 5 acres of land where he grows and sells his trout.  have you seen him at the farmers markets with his famous fish on a stick?    happy trout lodge goes to qualicum beach farmers market parksville museum market cedar farmers market  stop by and sell hello at the farmers market  markus also sells his products at quality foods and country grocer.   in july 2015 he will be opening up his property to allow u-fishing in his pond!  it is great for kids to teach them how to fish. parksville (city/town/village) trout (organism classification) food (tv genre) vancouver island tourist destination tourism (interest) canada island (geographical feature category) trout fishing happy trout lodge happy parksville museum market qualicum beach farmers market museum (building function) cedar farmers market farmers' market (industry)
shikag river, ontario canada  fishing river boat canada water ontario park kayak arc hyde bridge rafting flood lullaby flows rocks falls crossing hudson toronto vancouver montreal canoe waterfall creek whitewater river flows steady ken flows you valley trains rivers gorge paddle piano noah noah's
best of british columbia travel - hellobc!! best of british columbia travel for me has to be around where i lived so many years ago. the nicola region has some amazing scenery and we saw none of the garbage and litter that is present in other parts of the province that we just traveled.  the saying is a lake a day as long as you stay and the fishing for rainbow(aka kamloops) trout can be good.  this is fly-fishing country on small secluded lakes where you might be the only angler.  music: 'fairy tail' by aleksrutko      british columbia nicola merritt lake fishing camping wildlife nature hiking hotel motel travel 1080ihd video locals know rv camper trailer motorhome getaway canadian waterfoul birdwatching tours optics binoculars holidays trip vacation packages getaways kane valley kentucky-alleyne provincial park harmon lake cross-country x-c ski trails nordic club small boats cycling quilchena agritourism hellobc jcv jcvdude sony hd tourism videographer kelowna
canoe-trip big salmon river 8 days along the big salmon river, starting from quiet lake to little salmon village. awesome trip on an incredible river !!! big salmon river fishing canoe (ship type) adventure expedition water
quading & hunting (reynolds ponds manitoba) did not get much done, but had fun!! camping summer weekend video clip (website category) random family holiday holiday (composition) fun stuff funny survival outdoor travel tent cabin village outdoors fever wilderness (quotation subject) lake hiking cottage camper hunting adventure outside canada bbq reynolds ponds manitoba survival skills (tv genre) woods rabbit holidays bunny survival (tv series serial) reynolds ponds richer hamster bug toronto bugs cute ontario nature picnic fishing winnipeg
scullville hotdogs gag video for our brothers and sisters at scullville volunteer fire company scullville hotdogs neffsville fire hk4 blooper improv parody pranks sketch spoof
april camping at osoyoos, haynes point this little spit of land extends out into the lake, there are picnic tables and campsites and early in the season, april, it's not crowded at all. this is haynes point, osoyoos, bc. haynes point provincial park wildlife lakefront resorts campsite osoyoos video canadas desert holiday camping site camping holidays gear chairs tent sleeping bags motorhome camper coleman stove lawn chair hiking backpacking biking wilderness fishing kayaking mobile home lantern rv's insurance rving rentals recreational vehicles travel trailers tent trailers kayak adventures trips tours kayakers classes rafting trips expeditions tourismbc hellobc jcvdude yt:crop=16:9 localsknow
(sold) charlottetown real estate most expensive house prince edward island real estate pei (sold) charlottetown real estate  the most expensive house in atlantic canada prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront 576 cable head east.  this video made it to the top 5 videos for prince edward island videos on youtube for 2013!  subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and get all pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: this spectacular architectural gem, located on the north coast, sits on a bluff facing the awesome expanse of the atlantic ocean. nestled in the natural landscape of 11 acres, this 13,500 sq ft home was designed by a nationally renowned american architect who also oversaw every detail of construction. no expense was spared in the construction of this home from the foundation of reinforced poured concrete to roof of western red cedar; every effort was made to build a house meant to last generations. the exterior of the house features cape cod siding and imported pennsylvania field stone from valley forge mountain. the stone walls as well as all of the patios are capped in pennsylvania flag stone, giving the house a natural feel that blends into the surrounding landscape. the windows in the house are all pella architectural series windows, all of them custom built for this house. these solid wood windows feature aluminum cladding on the exterior as well as vivid view screens. located near gulf of st. lawrence, atlantic ocean, greenwich, greenwich national park, cable head east, cable head west, st. peters bay, st. peters, red head, cable head, goose river, morell, midgell, crowbush golf course, crowbush, and lakeside. located east of cavendish, cavendish beach, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 08041988. video youtube link:  music purchased from unique tracks production music ( song called call the rising sun.  rights granted by owner:  film synchronization, television programs, radio advertising/commercials, television advertising/commercials, internet (streaming, web, non-game). sound effects by apple final cut pro x. pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation house hunter funny video retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial acreage acres crea most expensive cbc china chinese
sunset cruise back to the cabin-ontario canada cruising back to our outpost cabin on lake pipio in ontario canada. fishing lake boat sun sunset cruise brother canada ontario northern wilderness outfitters cabin walleye pike family vacation camping summer fun holiday fish
rick bohna @ big sand lake lodge, manitoba canada early in the year we move boats as required, some years the ice is off early and others we need to break ice to move them around. come along for the adventure. pike fishing lodge seal river big sand ontario aikens north star river grass
kind of ice fishing waiting for the fishes to bite at lac des milles lacs, upsala ontario canada. ice fishing snowmobile sleds thunder bay
fly-in fishing, float plane take off-northern wilderness outfitters float plane taking off in ontario, canada bringing a group of fishermen back to the airbase on rainy lake. airplane flying fishing camping adventure lakes ontario canada fishermen family fun
cochrane, on - wonderfully unexpected! if you were wondering why cochrane was voted one of the top places to visit by flight network, here's a peek at what makes our community stand out. from the polar bear habitat to the tim horton events centre and the hard work and dedication of the polar bear riders snowmobile club, cochrane, ontario really is a destination you don't want to miss. #travelontario #westwaymotel     cochrane ontario westway motel travel outdoors polar bears skidoo snowmobile fishing hunting polar bear habitat tim horton events centre ski snowshoe cross country ski curling lake commando
fan590 outdoor radio show - fishing north of algonquin park - ice fishing brook trout the fan590 outdoor radio show - interview on the bonfield - mattawa area fishing and snowmobiling north of algonquin park for brook trout on back lakes. fan590 outdoor radio show mattawa bonfield fishing brook trout back lakes snowmobiling cedar gables lodge natures harmony sunnyside camp
spring flowers in the mountains - christina lake vacation cabins are being prepared for the summer rush of holiday makers. christina lake spring flowers cabins rental boats fishing hiking canadian british columbia retirement realestate jcv
tim how our pangnirtung hunters get their boat in the water after a long winter. tim
hot sun tanning weather  28 06 08 the place to be is on the water, bring your toy. this is in the okanagan, british columbia. super natural british columbia videos canada day vacation packages destination biking golf wine aboriginal activities sports canadian destinations vacations tourismbc hellobc thompson okanagan touring hiking biking jcvdude video production getaways travel hotels bc tourism skiing resort lake lakefront resorts guide wildlife touring fishing hiking sailing boat rental ogopogo wineries city park sails beaches sun tanning
building 3rd model ship bluenose ii - pt 2 the second in a series documenting the building of my third model ship bluenose ii, a more "contemporary" version than my previous model, which can be seen at        part 1 of this series is at     --------------------------------------------------------------------    le deuxime d'une srie documentant la construction de mon troisime modle du voilier bluenose ii, une version plus contemporaine que mon modle prcdent, qu'on peut voir         la premire vido de la prsente srie se trouve   hobby building kit sailing sailboat bluenose schooner tallship fishing boat voilier
prince edward island real estate lighthouse property with a view of the wharf & fishing boats.  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, retirement, lobster, boating, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  this is waterfront acreage currently listed for $109,877 and includes approx. 2.62 acres.  direct link to photos at:   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter at   make sure you join my mailing list at   camera used is a sony hdr-hc7. pei real estate prince edward island canada waterfront century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing kayaking golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing how to make real estate video ns nb nf land
backcountry 2010 - the massasauga: spider lake canoe route the massasauga provincial park, spider lake canoe route completed in early summer 2010.    this was my girlfriends first backcountry trip so i choose a good introductory trip with few portages, easy access and great scenery. the massasauga is a great park with countless trip possibilities ranging from exploring georgian bay to the inland lakes and streams. backcountry canoeing camping tent fishing massasauga spider lake wilderness outdoors environment nature tourism massasauga provincial park travel portage ontario parks spider lake stajanleafs summer canada travel log backcountrytv brad jennings
lake erie/ jumbo perch fish ohio 2015 fishing lake erie for yellow perch(jumbos) catching a "fish ohio" and releasing many fingerling walleye in the process.. fish (animal) lake erie (lake) perch (organism classification) fishing ohio lorain fish ohio walleye fingerlings walleye cleveland north coast (location) united states of america (country) spawn lake fish spreaders crappie rigs hatch walleye smolt catch
shore lunch pourvoirie pletipi fishing resort  a look at different locations around lake pletipi and fishing lodges. northern pike and lake trout video's highlights the beauty and power of those magnificent fish's. they are captured in the cold waters of lake pletipi quebec. this is fishing at its best and one of the top 10 location for anyone planning a fishing vacation. adventure travel canada fishing trip pche lake pletipi pltipi brochet northern pike truite grise trout floatplane hydravion resort pourvoirie outfitters vacance voyage camps cabins music johnny cash willie nelson john hewitt  
(sold) darnley thunder cove i lot for sale prince edward island canada pei ne/summerside/kensington sold 11/11/12.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is a building lot in darnley thunder cove i. spectacular waterview lot, just a few feet from a gorgeous low bank sandy beach. warmest waters north of the carolina`s. the perfect place for that waterview cottage or year round home. huge potential with this amazing panoramic view property. buy as an investment or build. lot is fully treed.   located near baltic, spring valley, burlington, malpeque (bay), cabot beach provincial park, indian river, and hamilton. located west of charlottetown, north of the confederation bridge in borden, north from kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
john nabors at wollaston lake lodge cameraman john nabors for outdoor channel outfitters tv gives his opinion of  wollaston lake lodge. luxury fishing in saskatchewan canada trophy pike at wollaston lake lodge
belleville ontario canada please "thumbs up" this video. thank you! subscribe:  larry graves asmr channel:  all my playlists:  facebook:  twitter:  important: don't forget to click the "bell" next to the subscribe button and select "send me all notifications for this channel".  otherwise you may not receive notification when i upload. #canadianstudmuffin #larrygraves #trentonontario #quintewest  larry graves aka canadian studmuffin is from trenton ontario and has been creating original comedy videos on youtube since february 2006.  please support my channel by leaving comments and rating the videos you watch. thank you! deb graves picton ontario walking high definition video hastings county canadian studmuffin zwick's island bay of quinte trails humor funny burt reynolds nature belleville bridge vlog quinte west hd belleville ontario canada comedy larrygravestv fishing bay of quinte wife larry graves vlogging water birds insects wildlife
chain lakes alberta camping trip this is the campsite (#c100) at chain lakes campground, alberta, canada. great camp ground, great sites, nice lake (it's actually a resovoir). just to show you peeps around a bit!  there my hennessey hammock tent (asym expedition zip), and wes's coleman cimmaron tent. had my hennessey setup under a tarp, and used a tarp groundsheet - not real reason why i did this other than a little additional protection from teh elements (good thing too as it rained pretty hard on thursday night!)... all in all awesome campground - great trip - highly recommend you go visit! (chain lakes campground is about 40-50 km west of nanton on highway 533, in alberta, canada) - enjoy folks! trangia coleman chain lakes alberta nanton mountains foothills canada hennessey hammock tent camping campsite campground sunset evening broth cold weather rain tarp fly resevoir fishing nature trip
bus-zooka. operation summer 2013 - trailer team bus-zooka is back!! watch the trailer of team bus-zooka exploring saskatchewan & alberta parks and lakes during the summer of 2013 in canada. lots of fun and outdoors adventure for those who love camping, rving and fishing! team bus-zooka bus-zooka guto penteado trailer (website category) operation summer camping rv army camouflage adventure gopro recreational vehicle (industry) motorhome bus fishing outdoors
super stinson music video pics fortress lake bc  rockies float flying  .wmv super stinson fortress lake bc  rockies float flying music video pics  most beautiful sites from float plane in bc rockies july 17/ 2010. bush plane stol take off landing super stinson fortress lake float fishing canada flying
newfoundland sportsman visits woody island resort: arrival in season 3 of the newfoundland sportsman show, hosts dwight blackwood and gord follett made the trip to woody island resort in placentia bay, newfoundland. this clip shows them arriving in garden cove and making the boat trip to woody island aboard the merasheen. woody island newfoundland sportsman fishing travel resort newfoundland culture newfoundland heritage canada adventure boating nature
cape wolfe west cape storm windmills & shoreline oceanfront prince edward island atlantic ocean  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, retirement, lobster, boating, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.   this is just a silly little video i did with the only camera i had on me, and was willing to use in the water with 100km winds (fuji finepix f200exr).  i show the southern shoreline of cape wolfe, and the windmills in west cape along route 142 on the way to o'leary prince edward island.  this is just west of summerside, and an hour west of charlottetown.  east of alberton and tignish pei. pei real estate prince edward island canada waterfront century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing kayaking golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing how to make real estate video ns nb nf land
one day on amor lake michel paddles around amor lake, part of the sayward forest canoe route northwest of campbell river, british columbia, canada. lake amor sayward forest canoe route circuit park campbell river bowron turner british columbia bc canada canoein paddling paddle fishing mountains book surprise mohun brewster
rick's island lake lodge island lake lodge and conference, located 300 air miles northeast of winnipeg, manitoba bordering ontario to the east, island lake is situated in canada's lake filled heartland. truly one of the few natural realms remaining in north america fishing lodge fly in manitoba canada resort hunting
best diy cook kit for hiking wilderness camping world famous cook kit update the econo challenge goes on a test hike to review the many new features of the original world famous cook kit by bushman of yukon.  this kit uses the world famous stainless steel mountain mug as a cooking pot and our wood pellet hobo stove.  this is a powerful ultra-lite kit you can build yourself out of recycled materials.  we think this is the best backpacking cook kit ever inspired by youtube!  give us thumbs-up if you agree.  we look forward to your comments.  facebook  instagram   new video on the updated cook kit 2013:   weight: 540 g / 19 oz fuel: wood, alcohol, amazing cotton balls or hexamine fuel tablets  to see the first build of this kit:   to see more of our wood pellet hobo stove click:   to see how to build an amazing wilderness camp / hammock chair (bushcraft chair):   you will enjoy this video series if you hike, backpack, paddle, peddle, kayak, wilderness camp, practice bushcraft or love putting them all together! ultra-light econo challenge camping hiking paddling fishing nature backpacking camp review food cooking ultralite alcohol stove hobo kit survival emergency outdoor test hike canada canadian howto diy fun summer do it yourself (hobby)
flood water, cold lake, alberta, canada a good inch or more of flood water in my tent, wasn't fun. realised my boots were not waterproof fishing cold lake alberta fish ice trout tent flood water -25 canada freezing heater melted augger
loughborough inlet - december 2009 loughborough inlet british columbia, canada  cruising, exploring, crabbing, prawing & hunting december 2009 loughborough inlet hunting cruising sailing bc british columbia ocean sea crabbing fishing prawning desolation sound boughton islands
eagle lake land for sale alberta 805.2 acres of opportunity!  expired conceptual plan shows residential, golf course and light commercial.  appraised at $18,500,000.00, these 805.2 acres are located along the south and east sides of eagle lake in wheatland county in alberta, canada.  the lake is in the heartland of southern alberta's rolling prairies, just 45 minutes east of calgary, a few minutes from the transcanada highway and a few minutes from strathmore, the rapidly growing regional centre of wheatland, a county poised for growth!  this recreational lake has been used for generations by families of boaters, water skiers, swimmers and fishing folk.  with the rockies less than two hours away, the land is ideally located. land sale alberta wheatland eagle lake asp conceptual transcanada golf fishing
salmon, musk ox, mussels + more - adventures north introduction to a very unique "adventures north tv" episode shot in and around the northern town of kuujjuaq, in nunavik, quebec.  awesome wildlife viewing, extraordinary atlantic salmon fishing, a clip on inuit husky sled dogs and mussel picking in ungava bay.  to see more original fishing wildlife and adventure videos:  youtube.com/stevemacinnis salmon atlantic salmon musk ox mussels inuit sled dogs inuit husky kuujjuaq kuujjuaq river nunavik ungava bay quebec adventures north steve macinnis allen gordon nunavik tourism fishing canada tourism (industry) adventures north tv
oliver british columbia relocate and extend your life without the stress and wory associated with many cities and urban locations. this is oliver british columbia oliver videos wine capital of canada video canadas sonora desert country southern okanagan inkaneep dialect endangered ecological region orchards vineyards mt. wildlife lakefront resorts campsites camping fishing golf clubs hiking biking trails jcvdude productions tour tourismbc hellobc european farmers indo-canadian india osoyoos travel holiday vacation wwwi veterans grapes tuccel-nuit gallagher vaseux lakes canoeing boating windsurfing skiing yt:crop=16:9 localsknow fruit-picking kayaking
the chilko experience | british columbia the chilko experience  located in an untouched wilderness and surrounded by 5 million acres of provincial government park, the huston family estate is a remote yet easily accessible property found at 51.668 n, -124.136 w. bounded by the peaks of the coastal mountains to the west and the dry interior plateau to the east, this chilko valley estate can be reached in less than one hour by private plane from vancouver, and offers world class hiking, biking, kayaking and fishing.  situated on 25 acres of deeded land fronting a 10 acre lake, the property features (7) custom homes crafted by pioneer log homes, a large greenhouse, fully equipped gym, workshop, maintenance buildings, large garage, a fleet of atvs, several boats, and many other unique features.  to see more about this property visit:   represented by denise moreno 310-903-3935 calbre#: 01928051  gordon macgeachy 310-367-9616 calbre#: 01312979  hiltonhyland.com wilderness resort british columbia chilko experience camping hilton & hyland hilton and hyland denise moreno gordon macgeachy luxury real estate canada chilko valley provincial government park huston family estate coastal mountains vancouver pioneer log homes drone video wildlife time lapse cabin boating fishing park vacation home
strange unknown voice on video a strange, unknown voice appears in the audio portion of this video that was recorded during a fishing trip on newboro lake, ontario canada.     listen to the voice right after "here comes a nice line of rain."     the voice seems to say something in a foreign language.  there were three people on the boat at the time, and none of them spoke the strange phrase.     if anyone viewing this video recognizes the language please leave a comment. evp ghost caught voice strange fishing haunted video weird rain storm canada ghost (film) ghosts scary boats spirits human voice real tape activity halloween tourism spooky supernatural creepy demons ghostbusters evil caught tape hunters film
alaska prince edward island canada oceanfront waterfront acreage building lot pei land for sale  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is 1.8 acres +/- located in alaska. located near west devon, brae harbour, portage, inverness, derby, brae, hebron, milo, mount royal, glenwood, enmore, and victoria west (western pei). located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and west of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
360 of ambleside pier - vancouver, british columbia, canada just a quick 360 degree view of ambleside pier in west vancouver, british columbia, canada.  lots of people come here for fishing and crabbing. some just stroll by to catch the amazing view. west vancouver canada ambleside pier fishing crabbing crab seafood 360 view tourist sunset lions gate bridge bc tourism outdoors fish activities travel beach adventure
g3 river boat 30hp alberta canada - slideshow i created this video with the youtube slideshow creator ( just a few pictures of g3 15ft river fishing boat, 30hp jet outboard outdoors g3 boats yamaha outboard fishing alberta canada bass boat camping jet outboard
red pine lodge - zionz lake we manage this lake for the cat lake first nation. it is a tremendous walleye producer with many reefs and islands.    it is fed by the renowned cat river with a large rapid inflow. the outflow is a deep floating river that connects to the north end of gull lake. this channel is an excellent late summer walleye producer. our conservation practices on releasing the large northern have proven to be effective. good conservation practices make for better fishing opportunities!    the cabin is large and will accommodate up to 10 anglers. there is also a deck out on the point where you can enjoy your cocktail and watch the setting sun. red pine lodge sioux lookout ontario canada fishing fly in outpost fish walleye pike float plane dehaviland adventure
slims cabins august 2015 northern saskatchewan fishing - slims cabins outpost camp slims cabins northern saskatchewan fishing thunderbird camps
watch this boat (filled with tourists) as it speeds straight for the pier in north rustico harbour, on the northern coast of prince edward island, canada.  a deep sea fishing boat, takes some tourists out, zig-zagging through the sandbars and passing really close to the pier. boat fishing deep sea sport fish sand bar sandbar north rustico harbour coast prince edward island canada boating channel beautiful
(sold) prince edward island real estate log home 51 chace crapaud horse farm w of charlottetown pei sold and closed (12/21/13). woo hoo! please subscribe, like, share, embed, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and high resolution photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: attention horse enthusiasts! million dollar log home, horse farm, large acreage, and mechanics garage. on site superbly equipped equestrian facilities including; horse paddocks, 2 tack rooms, wash stall, 11 horse stalls, 1/4 mile training track (fully graded), riding arena with sand base, turn out paddocks, abundant horse riding/walking trails. fabulous separate mechanics garage (with new roof ) plus double garage on house. house has had numerous improvements and has been completely upgraded including hardwood & italian marble floors, and new oils tanks. a truly unique property. there is nothing of this calibre in pei. priced aggressively for a quick sale. all sizes and measurement to be confirmed by purchaser prior to close. located near crapaud, kellys cross, brookvale provincial ski park, springton, rose valley, shamrock, kinkora, north tryon, cape traverse, augustine cove, lady fane, tryon, victoria, victoria by the sea, victoria provincial park, and hampton. located west of charlottetown, and east of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.   this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea mls id # 12063024. this video youtube link:  and  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres funny crea
rapids on asheweig riding the rapids on the ashweig river system in ontario... yee haw! boating rapids fishing
(sold) 46 eddie murphy seaview prince edward island real estate white sand beach pei atlantic ocean please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: executive home with spectacular panoramic views of the gulf of st. lawrence and patchwork of fields. situated on a large lot, this centrally-located custom-built home is a year-round residence as well as a source of summer rental income. enjoy the scenery from this four bedroom, three bathroom home with cathedral ceilings, skylights, custom trim and cupboards, hardwood and ceramic floors, airjet tub, family room with a wood stove and finished basement. this spacious, bright home awaits your viewing, only 20 minutes from summerside, golf courses and many other amenities. four star rental when rented call for your viewing today.  wow! exciting youtube hd video attached. click on multimedia link to view.  located near seaview, park corner, french river, long river, irishtown, spring valley, burlington, indian river, hamilton, malpeque, darnley, baltic, margate, kensington, clinton, new london, founds mills, springbrook, new london bay, & cabot beach. located west of charlottetown, north of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and east of summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 12060582. video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment seaview eddie murphy
trip to whiteswan lake, bc & radium, ab, canada - hd1080p i recently went to whiteswan lake, bc on a camping trip and holiday.  i was tenting it and enjoying hiking and mountain biking in the area.  i also went to radium and enjoyed the hot springs.  i took photographs and video to produce a small presentation of my adventure in 1080p high definition video.  the wildlife i saw included; big horn sheep, white tail deer, elk, owls, american bald eagle, loons, butterflys, rainbow trout, woodpecker, squirrels.  the trip was taken june 2012.  my name is pete podesser and i am an independent video & graphics producer. pete podesser whiteswan lake camping holiday hd wildlife fishing british columbia kootenays mountain biking canada avid canon sony
lobstering photos from tancook island, ns a compliation of lobstering pictures with music. lobstering takes place near tancook island, ns  "the lobster parade" by brent holmes lobster lobstering fishing lobster photos lobster picturs tancook island lobster fishing
adventures of mcgregor bay a video that captures all the splendor and wonder of mcgregor bay, ontario! all footage was filmed during our family vacation of last summer!  "rocky mountain high" by john denver, all rights belong to john denver and the studio that produced the record from which the song came  "these days" by jackson brown, all rights belong to jackson browne and the studio that produced the record from which the song came  "carolina in my mind" by james taylor" all rights belong to james taylor and the studio that produced the record from which the song came  "farewell andromeda (welcome to my morning)" by john denver, all rights belong to john denver and the studio that produced the record from which the song came mcgregor bay family tom gable wild wilderness lake fishing pike huron boating canoeing camping hiking eagle rainbow trout snapping turtle great lakes bass bird fish summer holiday weekend cabin cottage forest woods canada espanola birch island outdoor hawks nature beautiful scenery swamps rocks cliffs mountains sunshine georgian manitoulin killarney provincial park
stephan's story this is stephan cunningham's winning entry in literacy nova scotia's adult learner's week writing contest for 2010. stephan won first place in the video category. adult learning fishing lobster fishing education
cedar cove, newfoundland and labrador a beautiful little cove on the west coast of the island of newfoundland. it's about 5 minutes drive from lark harbour, then a 25-minute walk in through the woods. it used to have a small fishing settlement, but there's no sign left now. newfoundland labrador corner brook atlantic ocean fishing driftwood
christina lake bc christina lake, a top vacation and retirement hotspot in british columbia is getting ready for another season of summer action.  for the summer, cabins and camping spaces must be reserved well in advance. christina lake cascade falls attract ruby throated hummingbird photographs pictures lonely planet nature national geographic everyday explorer british columbia wildlife bc tourism hellobc sony canon nikon lodge kootenays canadian rockies parks vacations hotels motels caribbean jcv hiking biking ornithology bird watching trans canada trail jcvdude fishing camping b&b rentals westjet bed breakfast 2010 winter olympics international uk holidays
kirkland lake - come join in the fun this summer! take part in the 2015 summer celebrations in kirkland lake ontario!  for a schedule of homecoming events visit:   video by northstalgia studios   made possible with support from:  kirkland lake district chamber of commerce   kirkland & district community development corporation   discover kirkland lake   kirkland lake festivals committee   cjklfm  kirkland lake homecoming northeastern ontario (location) fishing waterskiing outdoors boating splashpark skateboarding kirkland lake festivals committee kirkland lake chamber of commerce discoverkl toburn mine canada day kirkland lake skatepark kirkland lake concerts
daniel schindler   school of aquatic and fishery science at ubco march 20th 2014 speaker: dr. daniel schindler      dr. schindler is the harriet bullitt endowed chair of conservation in the school of aquatic and fishery sciences at the university of washington. most of his research focuses on understanding the functioning of watersheds that support pacific salmon in western alaska, and the dynamics of fisheries that operate in these ecosystems. he is a principal investigator of the uw-alaska salmon program that has studied salmon ecosystems in alaska since the 1940s, and he spends several months of the year in the field in the bristol bay region. schindler has been a recipient of the distinguished research award from the uw college of ocean and fishery sciences, and of the carl r. sullivan fishery conservation award that was awarded to the uw-alaska salmon program from the american fisheries society in 2012. he has provided service to a wide variety of governmental and non-governmental organizations, and serves on the editorial board of the journals ecology and ecosystems. he earned a b.sc. with honours from the university of british columbia (1990), and a m.s. (1992) and ph. d. (1995) from the university of wisconsin-madison. he was hired onto the faculty at the university of washington in 1997 and teaches undergraduate and graduate students in limnology, aquatic sciences, and ecology. fishery science environmental sustainability (literary genre) climate change precautionary principle conservation ecosystems salmon harriet bullitt endowed chair of conservation dr. daniel schindler the university of washington limnology aquatic sciences ecology fishing population dynamics of fisheries prescriptive analytics aquatic ecosystem water resources water resources (field of study) western alaska fish exploitation rates
in harmony with nature : the yurts of flora bora forest lodging.   a unique getaway to the boreal forests of emma lake, saskatchewan. experience a closeness with nature while staying with ease in a yurt at flora bora forest lodging. let the surrounding nature balance and inspire you.  located near beautiful emma and christopher lake, and just a short jaunt to prince albert national park.  the area offers endless options for outdoor fun with hiking, biking, fishing, boating, wild-life viewing, swimming, canoeing, sailing and golf. yurt yurts flora bora accommodations getaway relax nature forest travel hiking adventure culture culinary stay bathroom kitchen bbq honeymoon romantic events destination tourism wood holiday emma lake saskatchewan glamping lodging canada cabin cottage christopher waskesiu prince albert national park elk ridge canoeing organic garden mongolian ger camping fun summer luxury fishing boating weekend golf picnic wedding family outdoor tourism
land & sea - songwriter lem snow - full episode from 1986 - the story of songwriter and traditional singer lem snow of cambellton in notre dame bay.  watch more full episodes of land & sea here:   subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador cbc nl culture fishing lem snow cambellton singer songwriter lewisporte recitations jim payne to sail all along the french shore
south okanagan heading south from penticton towards osoyoos through oliver, we pass orchards, vineyards, farms  and spectacular scenery.  great bass fishing, bird watching and so much more make this area one of my favorite bc destinations. video coming, we are on the road. osooyos video desert wine country southern okanagan inkaneep dialect endangered ecological region pocket federal ecological reserve orchards vineyards windmill anarchist mountain lookout rattlesnake canyon mt. kobau haynes point provincial park wildlife lakefront campsites rainbow trout bass fishing yt:crop=16:9 localsknow osoyoos lake gyro beach lions centennial kinsmens legion golf clubs trails jcvdude productions the and bc rockies circle tour farms boating oliver
port essington, bc port essington, on the skeena river, was a commercial cannery and trading hub from 1870 to 1960.  no one lives there anymore! skeena river port essington gost town bc prince rupert cannery fishing ecstall history terrace tyee
1245 nichols road, minden hills | fuad abasov real estate solitary location hidden from view, minutes away from haliburton and minden and two hours away from toronto  this hidden gem was designed to harmonize with nature and is featuring mature trees, nature trails and spectacular river views.  gorgeous, luxury year-round home is nestled directly on the drag river in minden hills, ontario and is tucked by the waters edge where you can`t see any neighbors. even across the river there is nothing but unspoiled forest and a view of an untouched wilderness provides unmatched peace and tranquility.   residing on one of the widest points on the river, this property provides a level of privacy very much sought after, although, not often found. drag river offers miles & miles of canoeing/kayaking and is ideal for swimming, lounging, children & families. the shoreline is clean.  home exudes charm and grace with a uniqueness that must be seen to be appreciated.  sit back by the dock and enjoy sounds of the river while breathtaking forest views sooth you. take in the beautiful sunsets with the geese and ducks flying in for the evening.  all amenities including, but not limited to tim horton's and canadian tire as well as entertainment, cultural & sporting activities available just minutes away in the town of minden.   this stunner sits on 1.4 acre private treed lot with beautiful landscaping and features 4+1 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, towering cathedral ceilings, dining and family rooms, kitchen/dining area, jacuzzi.  new energy star rated windows, hardwood flooring. huge picturesque window in the living room overlooking the river. walkout from the lower floor to waterfront. numerous new decks in the front and at the back of the house. extremely well kept grounds.   extensively renovated top to bottom home with no details spared boasting 1,900 sq. ft of living space. tons of natural light. large detached garage makes a great workshop. thousands were spent on renovations with high end upgrades, including new wood floors, plumbing, wiring, etc. more details are available at   property is zoned residential and is located in the heart of cottage retirement area and is an excellent place to retire and relax.   drag river is located in the municipalities of minden hills and dysart et al in haliburton county, southern ontario.  it is in the great lakes basin and is a right tributary of the burnt river.  home is being sold fully furnished  a great family property. shows 10/10! minden haliburton river drag drag river cottage minden hills home house for sale real estate fuad fuad abasov abasov waterfront riverfront acres forrest fishing
5 atv ride to the avenger airplane crash - may 16 2015 cubbee leads a group of 5 atv's to see the old avenger airplane crash site, well at least what is left of it.  we were hoping to be able to look for the rock igloo again along the way, but just didn't have enough time.    the wreckage is of an avenger airplane that crashed near dryden ontario in 1971 while fighting forest fires. fortunately the pilot was ok, but had quite a story to tell.  you can read all about it in an article we found from the ottawa citizen at the following link:     we did encounter some great, smooth trails though. nothing too challenging, but some awesome scenery along the way.   the quads with us that day were a 1000 arctic cat mudpro, a 660 and 700 yamaha grizzly, a 550 polaris sportsman and a can-am xt 1000.  if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter:   you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our new faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:                 you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo     quad yamaha all-terrain vehicle (product category) atv trail plane crash avenger grumman tbf avenger (aircraft model) fishing cubbee ck arctic cat polaris can am outlander off road forest fire mudpro grizzly 4 wheeler xt 1000 cubbeezx adventure mud wheelie sena bluetooth atv trails video blog (website category) best atv video shaw tv polaris industries (business operation) yamaha motor company (business operation) trail riding (sport)
let's go outdoors tv show: episode 12 welcome to let's go outdoors! this half-hour television series is the part of the lgo programming line up. the 13 week series runs on ctv two in alberta sunday evenings at 6:30 pm. visit our website at  for more information. coyotes university of alberta sturgeon north saskatchewan river fishing hunting for tomorrow aheia outdoor women's program alford lake camping atv chainsaw suncor wetlands oil sands reclamation ecosystems photography brad fenson digital camera point and shoot
kipahigan lake-departure from russells fishing camp- july 2002 a one minute video clip from my fuji finepix digital camera back in 2002 on july 6th.   we left the fishing camp at 7:00 am in the morning via  jackson air service. kipahigan lake barrier lake canada manitoba saskatchewan northern pike walleye fishing camp russells camp fishing jackson air service wilson's falls fly-in outpost camp churchill river
oliver bc - wine capital of canada the wine is good, but there are cherries, peaches, farm fresh vegetables - and the season is early because of the warm climate. oliver videos wine capital of canada video canadas sonora desert country southern okanagan inkaneep dialect endangered ecological region orchards vineyards mt. wildlife lakefront resorts campsites camping fishing golf clubs hiking biking trails jcvdude productions tour tourismbc hellobc yt:crop=16:9 localsknow european farmers indo-canadian india osoyoos travel holiday vacation wwwi veterans grapes tuccel-nuit gallagher vaseaux lakes canoeing boating windsurfing skiing fruit-picking kayaking
waterview lots x 2 new london prince edward island (pei) riverview drive east of summerside please subscribe, like, & share.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance   this is 2 waterview lots in new london. minutes from the heart of pei`s tourist area, located just off paved road. this lot is located within cottage lots and is situated on the south side of a peaceful valley in the popular stanley bridge/new london area. this high, sloping, partially treed site provides a nice valley and water view. it is surveyed, pinned, government approved and has a height advantage that ensuring future construction will not obstruct view. option to purchase adjacent lot as a package for $39,750. located in new london, near kensington, wilmont valley, sherbrooke, linkletter, and st. eleanors. located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and in summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
nipissing ontario big cut.mp4 a video i shot while my brother piloted us through whats locally known as big cut. as you can see someone had a sense of humour! this was a channel blown out of the rock with explosives to link the monetville and noelville water channels in the west narrows of lake nippissing in ontario, canada. our favourite place to fish! we stay at a great place called lakair lodge. kevin and lesley are wonderful hosts. check it out if you love fishing and the outdoors! ordinarily the water is clear but due to a very hot summer and low water levels there was a major blue green algae bloom. lakair lodge fishing ontario canada lake nippissing big cut amazing angling monetville noelville west narrows lavigne boating boat vacation scenery near north travel log high rev engine nature hiking gardening hunting garderning archery wilderness climbing outdoors saints row ski tourism musky
camping oldman river alberta canada some of our camping adventure in southern western alberta canada, fishing from zodiac, cooking on coleman stove camping fishing nature landmark canada alberta nature (journal) toronto travel outdoors adventure culture destination holiday
keewaydin outpost 2010 #2 wilderness canoe trips for boys and girls ages 10-18 with keewaydin camp on lake temagami in ontario canada keewaydin temagami outpost wilderness canoe girls summer camp frienship skills leadership independence strength team canoeing trips ontario wabikimi provincial park outdoors camping swimming paddling fishing water
moberly 2014 moberly lake, cabin holiday 2014 moberly lake quadding camping boating shooting bc canada northern bc lake fishing holiday paddle boating summer fun cash banser roger harvey kristi beilman rae beilman leslie beilman family cabin outdoor travel wilderness (quotation subject) black bear bear
35c  heatwave ok i've heard that christina lake is very warm...perhaps because it was 35c hot hot hot, but i didn't think the lake was all that warm. the yellow thing floating on the water is pollen from all the pine trees that line the shore giving shade and protection to the homes and cabins. christina lake kootenay boundry videos cascade falls gorge grand forks nelson chickadee videography rv sites camping climbing biking hiking kokanee trout bass fishing touring wakeboarding kayaking beaches water sports nature wildlife bc tourism hellobc lodges b&b kootenays canadian rockies national parks vacations hotels motels caribbean jcvdude localsknow video production kelowna new media artist big horn cougar sheep birding boat rentals deer hummingbirds tourismbc yt:crop=16:9
(sold) 435 central summerside real estate w of charlottetown prince edward island pei house for sale please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek, crs, abr, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance    overview: great handyman`s special. looking for a cozy 2 bedroom house for yourself or as an investment property this is it. this home is walking distance to amenities, tax center and short distance from the credit union place. property being sold as is where is.  directions: just past pope road going north first home on right side located near st. eleanors, wilmot valley, miscouche, linkletter, sherbrooke, lot 16, belmont, travellers rest. located west of charlottetown, north west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and in summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:  michael poczynek has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada. michael is also a developer and has an extensive background in information technology. michael is extremely entrepreneurial in nature and always on the lookout for investment and business opportunities relating to or not relating to real estate. michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.  mls # 13064623 prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
kelowna's waterfront - sights and sounds warm, inviting, waterfront, expensive..it's canada's answer to the cote d'azure. kelowna, bc - canada's hawaii kelowna waterfront canada's hawaii videos condos boardwalk biking sightseeing wildlife birding nature jcvdude video productions boating rentals okanagan lake beaches tanning dogs kayaking bird sanctuary fishing skiing sailing water sports british columbia destination vacation packages resorts tourism bc hellobc hot sands beach delta grand resort and conference centre tours golfing wineries westjet sunwing lodges lakefront bird watching ornithology yt:crop=16:9 localsknow marinas
beavers & big wheels in logan lake, british columbia, canada keep your wheels on the ground..seriously! i am up here at logan lake, british columbia, canada (just south of kamloops) to check out some real estate property. with the huge cost of property ownership in vancouver, logan lake is looking excellent!  logan lake is a community of about 2,100 people at an elevation of 3,600 feet about 60 kilometers (40 miles) south of kamloops, british columbia.   it is a friendly, clean and safe community with perhaps 35% of the people here being retired.   it is a great secret...until perhaps now! won't you be my neighbor?  lol.  music used under license. logan lake kamloops retirement real estate okanagan british columbia canada keep your wheels on the ground community retirement community cheap retirement vancouver linescrew1 linescrew productions beaver fishing travel canada retirement retire in canada rv motor home class c big wheels
nootka sound part 1 - kayak vancouver island five days kayaking in nootka sound b.c. adventure bligh british camping cook cove friendly island kayaking nootka ocean outdoor sound storm vancouver beautiful girl tent seal humpback whale sea otter pacific camp fishing couple blonde guy paddle spanish pilot group charlies west coast campground kayak beach surf bad weather cod sport captain channel history canada guide tour radio saftey wind rain sun sunshine good out door
cavendish beach prince edward island canada pei tourism west of charlottetown east of summerside please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and solcially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. description: this is about 60 seconds coverage of cavendish beach prince edward island.  this is the number one tourist beach in pei located within the canadian national park. located near green gables, hope river, north rustico, bayview, stanley bridge, toronto, orby head, cape turner, and mayfield. located west of charlottetown, north east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, summerside, and east of alberton, and o'leary. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs,  from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:  michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada. michael is also a developer and has an extensive background in information technology. michael is extremely entrepreneurial in nature and always on the lookout for investment and business opportunities relating to or not relating to real estate. michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.  video url:  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land cavendish beach
(sold) prince edward island real estate 1150 blooming point road n. of charlottetown pei 73 acres  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance. this is 1150 blooming point road in blooming point.  includes 72 acres, a house, and 2 outbuildings.   near charlottetown, point derouche, grand tracadie, donaldson, stanhope, covehead, pleasant grove, bedford, mount stewart, glenroy, scotchford, prince edward island (pei) canada. located north of charlottetown, north east of the confederation bridge in borden, east from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
burton waterfront oceanfront acreage for sale century 21 aerial video prince edward island pei please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: this waterfront property,3.39 acres looks out onto the northumberland strait. the sunsets are awesome from this property and with the size of the property you can build your new home to take advantage of the views and privacy. the property has been perc tested and is a cat.#2 and driveway access has been permitted. a great property that is ready to go and at a very reasonable price. taxes are at non resident rate. directions: follow rte 14 to burton, heading north this property is the property before the church property on the waterside of highway. located near campbellton, bloomfield, knutsford, o'leary, cape wolfe, west cape, rosebank, mill river east, west point, cedar dunes provincial park, glenwood, miminegash, ebbsfleet, and mill river east.  located west of charlottetown, the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada.   michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, and prince edward island real estate board crea (peirea) mls # 11056554.  video youtube link:  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment dji phantom aerial video gopro
2016 camplite 6.8 truck camper by livin lite in ontario #3711 all aluminum, 2016 camplite 6.8 truck camper by livin lite fits any 1/2 ton pickup truck with 6' 6" bed. the camplite 6.8 is very simple to pair with your truck, it comes with 4 electric jacks and wireless remote for added convenience. this floorplan includes a walk-around queen bed, l-shaped sofa/bed, kitchen with overhead cabinets, wet bathroom and plenty of extra storage cabinets. this camplite features a rear roof ladder, roof racks, 11k btu air conditioner, 22" led tv with swivel bracket, external lp hookup, fantastic fan and rear awning. many standard premium features are included, see the list below. includes 2-year warranty.  standard features: 100% tubular aluminum frame 100% tubular aluminum sidewalls 100% .040 aluminum exterior skin 100% aluminum inter-locking aircraft grade flooring 100% tubular aluminum bed/bunk framing 100% tubular aluminum cabinets 100% aluminum lower diamond plate 100% aluminum roof rafter system fully insulated w/block foam insulation packed into 1.5" thick sidewalls, 4" thick roof 80" interior ceiling headroom hi-powered vent in bathroom large windows with valances solid surface kitchen countertops interior led lights convection microwave extended season package (includes enclosed holding tanks and extra layzer of azdel in sidewalls r-12) lp funance fresh water holding tank refrigerator 2-burner cooktop hand flush toilet 30amp detachable power cord auxiliary battery box exterior led lights city water hookup black tank flush 6 gallon gas/electric dsi water heater exterior shower with hot & cold (n/a on 6.8 & 9.2) 120v exterior receptacle exterior graphics package electric jacks (8.4s, 10.0 & 11s only) electric jacks prewire holding tank monitor system audio package w/22" led tv decorative wood cabinet front doors vinyl flooring overtop aluminum digital tv antenna interior & exterior cable hookups 12v/120v outlets swivel tv bracket  #1 camplite truck camper dealer in canada! livin lite truck campers campers camplite fishing
prince edward island real estate oceanfront waterfront acreage campbellton pei west of charlottetown please subscribe, like, share, embed, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quadcopter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: spectacular waterfront lot, just a few feet from a gorgeous low bank sandy beach. warmest waters north of the carolina's. the perfect place for that waterview cottage or year round home. huge potential with this amazing panoramic view property. buy as an investment or build. located near campbellton, cape wolfe, burton, miminegash, ebbsfleet, bloomfield, west cape, woodstock, o'leary, alberton, brooklyn, cascumpec, lauretta, west point, and rosebank. located west of charlottetown, the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13067932. video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment campbellton gopro drone
north enmore 1.21 acres lot waterfront oceanfront for sale prince edward island real estate pei  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada. prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance. this is north enmore.   near portage, enmore, mcneills mills, port hill, ellerslie, victoria west, alaska, hebron, tyne valley, prince edward island (pei). located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
moose in snowbird lake, north of sixty lodge, nwt canada moose and calf in northwest territories, canada canada moose cow calf north of sixty lodge canadian fishing pike lake trout shore lunch toronto northwest territories tourism ontario vancouver montreal michigan grayling canadian
nolinor charter jet landing at kasba lake lodge as we were ready to depart kasba lake lodge, i stood at the edge of the runway awaiting the arrival of our charter jet. the jet originates in winnipeg, manitoba. the flight to and from the lodge is 2 1/2 hours. sballot steven ballot kasba lake lodge landing fishing canada kasba lake lodge northern pike trout arctic grayling arctic grayling winnipeg manitoba nwt fish charter jet charter jet catch nolinor
kamloops cabins for rent! rent these cabins     these two luxurious lakefront chalets are located the shore of red lake 40kms northwest of kamloops british columbia. red lake is famous for its trophy fishing, hunting and amazing snowmobiling adventures. see more pictures and videos on  kamloops cabin deer moose big horn sheep lakefront eastern brook trout hunting fishing british columbia trophy cottage red lake engineered septic deep well snowmobile rental
log chalet video nestled in an upper-scale lakeside community on the shores of pristine mountain fed moyie lake, this expansive, hand built log home features wondrous engineering of log construction. octagonal in shape, this home comes with a 3rd level crow's nest room that offers eye-catching and harmonious views of forest, lake and mountains. recently up-dated and loaded with living conveniences that make this property suitable for both get-away or vacation escapes, or as a full time residence. situated in the kootenays region of bc, there is an abundance of activities for all seasons; snow skiing, water skiing, fishing, and other water and boating sports; snowmobiling; all terrain vehicle activities, mountain trails, horse-back riding and more. or just plain living. cranbrook, a growing, vibrant small city is commutable, and offers many choices for any lifestyle.   video:  - photos and info upon request. log chalet vacation mountains lake boating fishing skiing property
waterfront prince edward island real estate st. lawrence seawatch sub-division pei canada ocean view price reduced to $19,888.  subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and get all pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: waterfront bargain! this is an excellent opportunity. if you enjoy relaxing, swimming, boating or strolls on the beach, this is it! beautiful pond side property in miminegash. enjoy the pond or stroll the beach. 20 minutes to mill river golf course. the price is right so why wait! wow! exciting youtube video attached. click on multimedia link to view. located near north cape, anglo tignish, nail pond, tignish, judes pond, tignish shore, fisherman's haven provincial park, kildare capes, st. felix, skinners pond, ascension, kildare, waterford, pleasant view, skinners pond, norway, & huntley. located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13069426. video youtube link:  and  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
(sold) eglington waterfront oceanfront lots prince edward island pei canada for sale reduced $43,000/each/$80,00 for both lots.  12/7/13. please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: residential - spectacular waterfront lot. warmest waters north of the carolina`s. the perfect place for that waterfront cottage or year round home. huge potential with this amazing panoramic view property. buy as an investment or build. priced very reasonably. located near bay fortune, fortune bridge, red house, fortune, rollo bay, red house, little pond, howe bay, spry point, annandale, st. georges, launching, newport, souris west, souris beach provincial park, and souris. located east of charlottetown, the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada.   michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, and prince edward island real estate board (peirea) mls # 12064411 and 12064412. video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
oceanfront real estate for sale prince edward island campbellton west of summerside & charlottetown.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)626-6912.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.   prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance. these are waterfront oceanfront lots located in campbellton pei. priced at $39,900. cad.  spectacular waterfront lots, just a few feet from a gorgous low bank sandy beach. warmest waters north of the carolina`s. the perfect place for that waterfront cottage or year round home. huge potential with this amazing panoramic view property. buy as an investment or build.  near roseville, st. lawrence, miminegash, ebbsfleet, pleasant view, burton, howard's cove, seal point, cape wolfe, springfield, west cape, prince edward island (pei) canada.  located west of charlottetown, north west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and west of summerside.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
14 muskox alstrom creek tom took video of a herd of 14 muskox above cach creek baby musk ox north head butt arctic
(sold) prince edward island pei canada 5162 #20 french river rustic cottage for sale cavendish price changed to $70,000 effective 9/9/2013. please subscribe, like, share, embed, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and high resolution photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: a heritage cottage on a fabulous extra large lot with mature trees, really nice landscaping, super water views, and all on a paved year round road.  the lot alone is worth the asking price, the cottage has potential and is a bonus.  priced low for an instant sale.   motivated vendor. located near french river, long river, irishtown, seaview (sea view), new london, clinton, springbrook, new london bay, darnley, spring valley, baltic, burlington, founds mills, margate, grahams road, hope river stanley bridge, and cavendish. located west of charlottetown, and east of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13068730. my youtube channel is at  this video youtube link:  and  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
eastern prince edward island real estate murray harbour 20 acres land for sale east of charlottetown  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, raw land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, bed & breakfast, rental cottages, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance   this is a 20 acre parcel of raw land in murray harbour prince edward island canada.  large waterfront property with a small price. fully treed. small river on back of property, and small stream on front. would make a nice estate property. there is a small stream on back of property with a dam spill way with a cascade/waterfall down to a title stream. great place to build a hidden cabin with waterfall sounds. located near kings castle provincial park, gladstone, murray harbour, white sands, high bank, murray river, guernsey cove, cape bear, and beach point. located east of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, east from kensington, and east of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
north rustico waterfront oceanfront lots view of rustico harbour wharf prince edward island pei please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: large waterfront lot/acreage located in a prime area of north rustico over looking rustico harbour. access to it all; beaches, deep sea fishing, restaurants, walking trails, boardwalks, wharf(s) and more. located near north rustico harbour, cape turner, anglo rustico, cymbria, rusticoville, north rustico, rustico bay, wheatley river, new glasgow, st. ann, rennies road, and robinsons island. located west of charlottetown, east of the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada.   michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.   this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, and prince edward island real estate board (peirea) mls # 13066736 and 13066729. video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
prince edward island park corner ocean front/waterfront real estate nw of charlottetown pei  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.  this is ocean front/waterfront real estate nw of charlottetown pei located in park corner near anne of green gables.  near darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, and burlington, prince edward island.    located 24 km north east of summerside, 47 km north-west of charlottetown, 32 km north north east of the confederation bridge in borden, 12 km from kensington.   this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:   camera used was a canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
prince edward island commercial residential real estate pei heritage home 91 central summerside crea subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and resource.  receive pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  please like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by  owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&b's, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now. mls description: 91 central street summerside, pe, canada, c1n 3l2 wow, best describes this 100 year old property, presently used as both a family dwelling and a spacious elegant hair salon. zoned commercial so you have the choice to operate a business or use as a single family home. pride of ownership from top to bottom with the character of years gone by having been maintained. beautiful hardwood floors and staircase. wide baseboard trim along with crown moldings. main floor is the business area which includes 7 rooms, one being a sun room,a propane fireplace and a very unique coal fireplace. this level is air conditioned. the second level is the living area which boasts a lovely oak kitchen, large dining room, living room, master bedroom with walk in closet as well as a huge full bath with jet tub and walk in shower. the totally finished third level consists of a bedroom, full bath, storage area, 28x27 family room with large stone fireplace and a bar that is second to none. this property is priced to sell. located near downtown summerside, water street, summerside harbour, spinnakers landing, waterfront mall, holland college, st. eleanors, wilmot valley, sherbrooke, travellers rest, reads corner, linkletter, miscouche, slemon park. located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and in summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. royalty free music provided by:  "pamgaea" kevin macleod (incompetech.com)  licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0  michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id 13065011. video links:  &  michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish fishing residential houses for sale confederation bridge video retirement investment properties realty century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial crea michael poczynek michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com century 21 real estate (business operation) coldwell banker (business operation) re/max (business operation)
pavillon lac-des-neiges - rserve faunique des laurentides - spaq le pavillon du lac-des-neiges est situ dans la portion sud-est de la rserve faunique des laurentides,  une centaine de kilomtres de l'agglomration urbaine de qubec. dans ce magnifique territoire qui englobe une douzaine de lacs poissonneux, il est possible de pcher de la truite mouchete (indigne) et de la truite grise (touladi).  information et rservation :  pche spaq rserve faunique laurentides qubec fishing
save wabagishik rapids - vermilion river - full version wabagishik rapids is a beautiful 1 km stretch of rapids on the vermilion river, about 1/2 hour west of sudbury, ontario.  a developer is proposing to build a modified run of river hydroelectric dam that would produce enough power to supply about 1,600 homes.  these types of dams have numerous negative impacts associated with them, and are very harmful to the riverine ecosystem.   check out this film to find out more. save wabagishik river full version youtube 29 97 01 modified run of river peaking risk impact water life kayak canoe help riverine ecosystem hydroelectric waterpower power generation dam hydro water fishing lake modified run of river run-of-river vermilion sudbury ontario canada toronto warming climate change sedimentation algae energy arc waterpower industry hydropower industry
episode 5, part 1: solo canoe trip to rence lake, algonquin park one night solo canoe trip to rence lake in algonquin provincial park. started at rock lake and traveled south via pen lake and welcome lake. and then out through louisa lake.  had a great trip. this is one of my favorite routes. the scenery this time of year is amazing. caught and released a nice brook trout on harry lake and had rence lake all to myself for the night. algonquin provincal park canoeing algonquin park algonquin park solo canoe trip algonquin canoe trip solo canoe trip algonquin park algonquin park camping canoe canoe trip solo trip canoe tripping fall colours fall colors vlog blog funny fail nature wilderness solo alone guide howto how to canoeing rock lake camping trip wild animals fishing fish portaging portage national geographic canadian geographic wildlife trees ottawa toronto paddling
for sale 4 nicely treed building lots on beautiful french river, near bridge on hwy 69 4 nicely treed building lots on beautiful french river.   2.33 acre with 314 ft water frontage  2.24 acre with 226 ft water frontage  2.51 acre with 219 ft water frontage  2.73 acre with 247 ft water frontage  close to all amenities. year around road access.grab them before they are gone ...  property taxes are not assessed yet. asking price $195,000 each    note: adjoining properties are for sale:   - french river inn 14 units motel and 150 seats restaurant on 4.8 acres 800 ft on hwy 69,   - 22 storage units building on 1.6 acre lot fronting 274 ft on hwy 69,   - 73 treed acres with deeded access 50 ft on french river and 708 ft frontage on hwy 69,   - professional automotive workshop with residential home on 10 acres with 4 acres pond fronting 708 ft   on hwy 69 and 20 ft on french river,     see more pictures at   or      check out my listings at  and  and   let me know if you see anything of interest.   please let me help you to sell your property by adding the best market exposure through   the mls system with written assurance that you can sell your property on your own,   during mls listing, and pay no commission.  are you looking for residential or commercial mortgage ? let me help you with that.   i am also a licensed mortgage broker. let me know what your needs are.  thank you.     andrew sobczak  broker of record   on georgian bay real estate inc.  real estate brokerage  member of the muskoka & haliburton real estate board   rr2, po box 174, victoria harbour, on l0k 2a0     phone   705 543 1341     email    ongeorgianbay@gmail.com     website       website       follow me on twitter      i am selling real estate in entire ontario ...   promoting country living at its best ... and great commercial investments.  realtors can show any listing on mls. why not make it easy on yourself and have one realtor work for you?   i consider a referral the most valuable compliment a client can give me and i always treat prospects referred to me with respect, honesty and professional approach. keep them coming ... french river building lot accommodation beach bay boating cabin commercial cottage country farm fishing georgian home hotel house hunting huron investment lake land living lodge log marina motel movie muskoka ontario owner peace power of sale private properties quiet real estate recreational reduced residence residential resort retirement sailing sale sand sandy season selling shore sunny vacant vacation waterfront
grizzly bear encounter at knight inlet, b.c. grizzly bears are the perfect symbol of canada's untamed wilderness and to see one up close is both awe inspiring and frightening.  although these majestic animals are found in many parts of western canada, one of the best places to observe large numbers of wild grizzlies is in knight inlet on the western coast of british columbia. every fall, thousands of salmon migrate from the ocean into the glendale river to spawn and every year large groups of grizzlies gather for a salmon feast like no other.   for full story see:  red deer grizzly grizzly bear bear bears bears eating bears fishing fish food eat glendale river knight inlet knight inlet lodge salmon salmon migration fishing tourism
river valley lodge - party cave - cottage rental  sturgeon river, ontario - cottage rental  welcome to river valley lodge, a four-season paradise, located near sturgeon falls, ontario. situated on 165 private acres with the sturgeon river running through it, this beautiful property offers complete privacy with all the modern amenities.  with over 6000 sq.ft. of living accommodation it is ideal for large groups (weddings, retreats, family reunions, corporate retreats).   the atv/snowmobile trail runs right through the property offering miles of scenic trails. there is a boat ramp for you to use and the sturgeon river provides miles of boating for you to explore and a sand beach for your enjoyment. we also offer fishing boat rentals. a hunt camp is across the street on 180 acres and adjacent to crown land for you to use. cottage rental ontario sturgeon falls north bay sudbury west nipissing sturgeon river river valley lodges wedding groups fishing snowmobile atv hiking swimming
gimli, manitoba - the fishing village - central philharmonic orchestra, beijing who would expect the beijing philharminic to be playing on the gimli pier. the music is, appropriately entitled, "the fishing village" two friends from china and i went up to the west shore of lake winnipeg in mid spring. beautiful day for sailing. han zhong-jie, conductor. j robert scott, two-bit film producer.   philharminic  gimli    zhong-jiej   gimli, manitoba - the fishing village - central philharmonic orchestra, beijing china canada  symphony  orchestra     gimli (city/town/village) fishing orchestra (literature subject) beijing philharminic fishing village philharmonic
commanda 2015 the cousins go to commanda lake resort commanda lake resort camping restoule cottage cabin hula fishing water sports swimming beach hula hoop hoola hoola hoop holiday summer fit fun family resort (industry) travel vacation ontario muskoka outdoor canada
our town of schreiber please enjoy this video that captures the spirit and beauty of schreiber. see why we love the amazing scenery surrounding our little town, and listen to the heartfelt testimonies from local people of all ages.   schreiber, on is located on the north shore of lake superior. make sure to come and visit!    for more information, please visit      schreiber (city/town/village) lake superior north shore north shore (city/town/village) tourism travel fishing hiking canada scenery ontario (canadian province) adventure schreiber ontario schreiber ontario
gosling island, pitt lake - 6.1 acre island for sale please give us a thumbs up!  for full details   gosling island, pitt lake bc - 6.1 spectacular acres of private island located on the east side of pitt lake just past williams landing, not lease land. the best sun exposure possible on this lake at the south end with views you thought you would only see in the movies. only 15 minutes by boat from grant's narrows boat launch at the north end of pitt meadows. just an hours drive from vancouver and one of only a handful of private islands that exist in greater vancouver and rarely come up for sale. this fresh water fjord makes you feel like you are on the ocean and the fishing is world class. a waterskiing mecca as well, this lake is big, room for everyone even on a long weekend. check out the aerial movie on the multimedia tab.   call pitt lake realtor scott leaf, keller williams elite realty, 604-839-8239  ps we have other pitt lake waterfront cabins for sale too! pitt lake for sale gosling island waterfront freehold scott leaf keller williams elite island realtor island for sale british columbia (canadian province) vancouver (city/town/village) fjord (geographical feature category) private island cabin cabin for sale 6495 gosling island grants narrows williams landing pitt meadows (city/town/village) waterskiing (sport) fishing
a haunted fishing hole by the king fish man a haunted fishing hole composed by  timmy cudmore the king fish man  lead vocals, guitars, bass, drum editing videography in canada timmy cudmore brady cudmore   inspired by, producer, director, editor, videographer, vfx  audio engineer & keyboards david musial   from the 2015 king fish man album funny holidays  recorded in skyroom studios north  prince edward island, canada  o-dubs, mastered & edited in skyroom studios skyroomstudios.com newport-jersey city, usa  additional visuals haunted in  jersey city & brooklyn  special thanks to: john, eddie, susan, debbie, jr morton's, the haunted "stoop" in jersey city the store windows of williamsburg, brooklyn to all of the friendly ghosts!   made with apple computers & software:  garage band, protools 11hd, premiere pro, photoshop & google drive, kodak & iphone 6 hd video panasonic & gopro 4k ultra hd video   this zany song is from the new full album "funny holidays"  by timmy cudmore the "king fish man".  it's available and other albums on itunes, cd baby,  amazon and more, details at kingfishgman.com   like on facebook: thekingfishman  kingfishman.com  oneworldartists.com  2014 onewam music, bmi (p)2015 one world artists, llc king fish man timmy cudmore david musial one world artists onewam music bmi fishing fish trout haunted halloween (holiday) jersey city prince edward island brooklyn
happy birthday to the fisherman happy birthday to the fisherman  composed by  timmy cudmore the  king fish man  released on his birthday january 24th (it was uploaded on this date, 2016!)  lead vocals, guitars, bass, drum editing timmy cudmore  videography in canada james b. cudmore   inspired by, producer, director, editor, videographer, vfx  audio engineer & keyboards david musial  this video was filmed in ultra hd 4k  fireworks filmed in new york city 2015  from the 2015 king fish man album funny holidays  recorded in skyroom studios north  prince edward island, canada  o-dubs, mastered & edited in skyroom studios skyroomstudios.com newport-jersey city, usa   made with apple computers & software:  garage band, protools 11hd, premiere pro, photoshop & google drive, kodak & iphone 6 hd video panasonic & gopro 4k ultra hd video    this zany song is available on  itunes, cd baby,  amazon  and more,  details at   kingfishman.com  more music on itunes and cd baby  like on facebook: thekingfishman    oneworldartists.com  2015 onewam music, bmi (p)2016 one world artists, llc king fish man timmy cudmore david musial one world artists onewam music bmi fishing fish trout happy birthday birthday
"welcome to our home" tribal treks episode 4 part 2 tribal treks takes ordinary people on extraordinary adventures with the first nations people of canada.    in this episode, ronnie and graham gerrard, hairdressers from the city, go to bamfield, british columbia, to visit the traditional lands of the huu-ay-aht first nation.    derek peters welcomes them and gives a tour.  clifford charles arranges their campsite at the pachena bay campground where the couple finds a spiritual connection.  larry johnson, the economic development manager for the huu-ay-aht first nation, takes them fishing and to a traditional salmon feast.  robert dennis junior teaches drumming, colleen peters teaches dancing, and gabe williams lets them try some carving and then takes them on a canoe paddle in a traditional dugout canoe. tribal treks first nations indian british columbia bc canada bamfield huu-ay-aht ronnie graham gerard derek peters clifford charles larry johnson robert dennis junior colleen gabe williams pachena bay campground camping tent beach fishing salmon feast barbeque barbecue drum drumming dance dancing carve carving dugout canoe
shab forest fire while fishing in northwestern ontario this july, 2011 there was a small but very close fire across the bay from our fly-in camp. when guys see something like this they gotta check it out! forest fire canada fishing ontario
wpm in 1 minute subscribe:  instagram:  twitter:  facebook:  web:  address: 9024-100 st westlock ab t7p 2l4 phone: 866.337.4115 westlock power sports & marine is an authorized can-am, ski-doo power sports dealership in westlock, ab. offering new and pre-owned models of atvs, sides by sides and snowmobiles. we are also a marine dealership for alumacraft boats, evinrude motors, shoremaster & avalon pontoon boats. full service + winterizing available. alumacraft evinrude can-am brp ski-doo snowmobile atv atvs snowmobiles utv quad utvs boats boating fishing powersports marine westlock edmonton used atv for sale atv for sale westlock powersports
golden bc kicking horse country and columbia valley for even more activities, information and ideas to help you plan your visit here click onto the local tourism web sites to find out how easy it is to have an adventure here:  ,  ,  ,   ,  experience canadian hospitality with a virtual host that will show you some of the hundreds of amazing things there is to do around here. golden british columbia canada is located just 2.5 hours from calgary alberta.  it's at the begging of highway 95 that goes all the way through the united states of america to mexico. fishing golf heli-skiing hiking hunting kayaking mountain biking glacier sky diving snowboarding water skiing wetland tours white water rafting zip line wapta skiing yoho bugaboo park mountain biking (sport) kootney rotary snowmobile horse atv paragliding helicopter golden (city/town/village) kicking horse river (river) british columbia (canadian province) columbia valley (appellation) yoho national park (protected site) columbia river (body of water) canyon climbing
yellowknife nwt canada - dettah to old town via dettah ice road hd yellowknife nwt canada - driving from dettah to franklin avenue via dettah ice road. i was told that the ice right now is about 4ft - 5ft and can still support a load of 0 - 40,000kg. february 7 2014. wacth in hd for better viewing. ------------ dettah or detah is a first nations community in the north slave region of the northwest territories, canada. located just outside the capital of yellowknife, it is a 6.5 km (4.0 mi) drive from that town by ice road in winter or a 27 km (17 mi) drive via the ingraham trail. the name means 'burnt point' in the tli cho language, and refers to a traditional fishing camp, used by the dene for hundreds of years. according to the 2011 census, dettah had a population of 210 people a decrease of 15.0% from the 2006 census, consisting almost entirely of first nations. in 2012 the government of the northwest territories reported that the population was 260 with an average yearly growth rate of 1.9% from 2001. both it and n'dilo are the communities of the yellowknives. dettah is represented by the yellowknives dene first nation (dettah) and are part of the akaitcho territory . -   yellowknives dene first nation (dettah) yellowknife nwt canada ice road truckers (tv program) dettah (city/town/village) frozen lake toronto vancouver yellowknife (city/town/village) northwest territories (canadian territory) ice road (literature subject) canada (country) vancouver island (island) montreal ontario gopro (brand) extreme cold extreme temperature fishing bass pike northern pike (organism classification)
dungeness crabbing, catching, cooking how to in ambleside park - vancouver, bc, canada measurement tool -  casting crab trap with 100ft rope -  tidal license -  ambleside park -   - crab limit is 4 per day per person.  - no killing the crabs or "shelling" onsite, do it at home. - you are allowed 2 traps per license per person  *i would highly recommend using the cast traps (as seen in the video) for crabbing if you are crabbing off a pier. from all the times, i've seen people with the bigger box crab cages\traps. i have never seen anyone catch anything. crab vancouver vancity bc british columbia lower mainland crabbing how to tutorial park ambleside ambleside park fish cooking shellfish catching circle trap crab trap crab cast canada fish (food) tourism outdoors activities fishing dungeness dungeness crab bc crab fishing license crab bait pier crabbing pier ambleside pier kitsilano burrard inlet north vancouver west vancouver greater vancouver region gvr vancouver island (island)
jackson kayak kraken review this is an initial overview of the new jim sammons signature series, jackson kayaks kraken sit on top fishing kayak.  in detail we go through the features of the boat, pointing out the great options this boat comes with.  thank you for viewing, and we hope you subscribe to our channel for new videos and reviews.  kayak fishing has taken off in the last few years, and as you can see from the developments in kayak design more and more features are being added to boats right off the assembly line. the jackson kayak kraken is a perfect example of a boat you can fish with right out of the gate with no modifications at all. kayak fishing kayaking (sport) sit on top kayak jackson kayak (organization) kraken jackson kayak kraken hi lo seat canadian kayak anglers cka fishing fishing from a kayak sit on top canadiankayakanglers.com canadiankayakanglers review
h2pro-ped powering a nucanoe fishing kayak h2pro-ped pedal powered system installs easily on nucanoe units. custom mounting hardware available. pedal powered boat pedal powered pedal boat pedal powered kayak human powered boat pedal kayak pedal powered fishing kayak fishing (tv genre) kayak fishing
real world test of "water-proof" kayak/boating gear and accessories. this video is about kayak products i enjoy kayaking, technology, and merging both in with some diy and such...   in this video, i talk about a recent roll i had while fishing, and some problems i had with some of my gear...     that said, however, i've not lost faith in the manufacturers.... gonna contact them each and see what option might be available... especially since all are still under warranty...   i'll keep you posted kayak fishing lowrance indepth cases waterproof motorola walkie talkie gps fish finder iphone holder iphone riot edge iphone case in depth in depth cases kayak roll roll recovery bilge pump kayak fishing under water linked redneck safety warranty product review test
scorpio-ld prsente premire mise  l'eau du old-town predator 13 super belle journe pour essayer mon nouveau jouet de pche pour la saison 2015. le predator 13, un kayak trs stable, avec le sige relev, vous obtenez une superbe plateforme pour pcher debout...  en vente  la boutique kayak junky (   le predator 13,   longueur: 13' 2"  largeur: 33.5"  capacit: 400-425 lbs.  poids:  86 lbs  super beautiful day to try my new toy fishing for the season 2015. the predator 13, a very stable boat, with the seat raised, you get a great platform to catch up ...  on sale at the shop kayak junky (  the predator 13  length: 13 '2 "  width: 33.5 "  capacity: 400-425 lbs.  weight: 86 lbs pche en kayak avec scorpio-ld kayak junky scorpio-ld.com predatord 13 kayak fishing old town
tools of fly tying: the bobbin the first video in the tools of fly tying series, i will explain what a bobbin is and how to load. tell me in the comments below how the video was and ways to improve it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         -tight lines                                                                                                                                        routhier productions,      help me go to ecuador next summer for a school trip    flies bobbin how to load a bobbin bobben loader fly fishing winter hobbie winter hobbbie fishing minecraft routhier productions
challenge #3 tea bag challenge me & dien doing the tea bag challenge  toby - 2 dien - 2 challenge tea bag funny behchoko toby dien
warnerwords: fly tying with mark my grandson, mark, gives a demonstration of one of his favorite activities, making a custom-designed fly fishing lure. included in the following edition of vicki's spin on warnerwords:  fly fishing fishing lures fish hobbies sports vicki warner warnerwords fly tying (hobby) british columbia (canadian province) outdoor recreation (interest)
sea ray generator & air conditioning running nothing like sitting at anchor on a hot summer day and being able to fire up the generator to run the air conditioning, water heater and any - or all - of the a/c appliances :-)  location of this video: 45.0913382073 -80.0750541687  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' air conditioning generator westerbeke sea ray boating georgian bay boats cruising 400 sedan bridge boat cruise water
burning fishing boat "newfoundland lady 1" may 7, 2006 the fishing boat "newfoundland lady 1" on fire. then close up footage of what remained as the months went by. ( may - november 2006, august 2010 ) burning lobster fishing boat newfoundland lady 1 fiberglass fire toxic smoke flames charred remains diesel engine beach tide drifting morden nova scotia ns bay of fundy
doucette's boatbuilding , prince edward island doucettes boat building is family owned and operated serving the eastern seaboard and beyond with our custom designed 45 foot fiberglass boats. we manufacture boats in both the commercial and leisure markets and take pride in our craftsmanship and manufacturing processes. excellence is our only standard and we look forward to serving your needs.  doucette's boat building boat building boats pei boat builders boat (literature subject)
unbelievable footage with multi-day eco-tour company orcella expeditions telegraph cove wow. unbelievable footage orcas (killer whales) under the boat and with young. part of a day out with multi-day eco-tour company orcella expeditions, telegraph cove, british columbia, canada. tour dates: august 29 - september 2, 2011 visit us at  video supplied by one of our customers. customers are kind enough to share some video of their tour. thank you to all! eco-tours whale watching orcella expeditions orcas killer whales telegraph cove bc british columbia vancouver island canada tourism travel boats adventure nature destination toronto bald eagles humpback whales zoo animals wildlife culture
bwcc canoe palliser rapid kootenay river bc kootenay river, bc bwcc canoe; canoeing; bow waters canoe club; whitewater; river; boats water sports kayak bwcc bow waters canoe club
the tay river rapids challenge members of the rideau nautical modellers model boat club attempt to navigate the fast water (small rapids) of the tay river in stewart park perth ontario. the tay river rapids challenge model boats rnm
calling lake wake surf 2012 short edit of me and my brother wake surfing in calling lake alberta in the summer of 2012 hope you enjoy music: do'in time - sublime  *i don't claim copyright of this track* wakesurfing lake boats water sports moomba phase 5 gopro go-pro calling lake
another great day out with multi-day eco-tour company orcella expeditions we saw pacific white sided dolphins, dall's porpoise, humpbacks, in front of telegraph cove. part of a day out with multi-day eco-tour company orcella expeditions, telegraph cove, british columbia, canada. tour dates: august 29 - september 2, 2011 visit us at  video supplied by one of our customers. customers are kind enough to share some video of their tour. thank you to all! eco-tours whale watching orcella expeditions orcas killer whales telegraph cove bc british columbia vancouver island canada tourism travel boats adventure nature destination toronto bald eagles humpback whales
gray whale (kitsilano beach, vancouver)  1 oct 2015  gray whale seen while sailing in english bay & kitsilano beach area of vancouver, british columbia, canada.  see more photos here:   we sat drifting on the water, watching the whale circling around - a magical experience! gray whale vancouver kitsilano beach (protected site) english bay (body of water) whale (animal) canada sailing (sport) boats marine life paddle boards
welcome to bulldog camps welcome to bulldog camps & lodge, the quintessential traditional maine sporting camp located on enchanted pond in the picturesque western mountains of the state. the camps were established in the 1880's and are the only set of camps on the lake located ten miles off of the historic and scenic old canada highway (route 201). bulldog is your go-to destination for any outdoor vacation, from hunting and fishing, to kayaking and mountain biking, there's something for everyone in the family! thanks for checking out our video and be sure to visit our website at  for more information about our camps, rates, activities, and guide service! maine sporting camp bulldog camps sporting camp remote camp enchanted pond hunting maine fishing maine summer maine fly fishing maine traditional sporting camp maine bear hunt fly fishing (sport) campsite (accommodation type) maine (administrative division) hunting (magazine genre) fly fishing (industry)
hunting in maine with grants kennebago camps  whether you are a seasoned grouse hunter or this is your first bird hunting trip, you will soon see why the most experienced grouse guides in maine choose to hunt here.   spectacular scenery, class dogs, friendly guides, great food and a staff that will make your hunt a lasting memory. hunting and fishing licenses are available here at camp.   grouse hunting (magazine genre) woodcock woodcock (organism classification) sporting tradition sporting camps maine guide northern maine western maine maine (us state) birds rangeley (city/town/village) fly fishing (sport) brooktrout land lock salmon
kootenai river caddis swarm learn more about our kootenai river trips here.    here's a quick video of a caddis swarm shot by tim linehan of linehan outfitting company on the kootenai river in montana. kootenai river kootenay river linehan outfitting company montana (us state) fly fishing (sport) caddis flies
rowing on a puddle in the salish sea a morning spent rowing on buntzen reservoir in anmore, near vancouver bc canada. july 28 2010.   a nice easy row, averaging about 17 strokes a minute. i occasionally row at about 24. but not for too long.  a few more words about this row are on the site   the boat, "miracle," is a whitehall spirit solo14, "the mountain bike of the sea," set up for slide-seat rowing using 9.5 ft carbon-fibre oars. it is completely decked, so it has a lot of flotation.  designed and manufactured in victoria bc canada, by whitehall rowing and sail. the boat's hull speed is about 5 knots, or about 9 km/hr. it is quick, as you can see from the video. not as quick as a racing or ocean shell, but with this hull i can take along my lunch, camera, tripod, water, spare shoes and jacket, extra paddle, shorter oars for rough water, boat-hook, bicycle, tent, an assortment of safety gear, and a passenger or two. outdoors tourism rowing exercise scenery boats vancity health british columbia buntzen lake anmore whitehall rowing and sail
beluga viewing in churchill, manitoba beluga whales migrate to the churchill river in the summer to feed, give birth and molt their skin. thousands congregate here and you can view them in a boat, zodiac, kayak or even jump in and snorkel with them. in this video, we were caught in the rush of a a beluga feeding frenzy. belugas manitoba churchill wildlife boats beluga whale whale watching travel tourism experience adventure hudson bay it's manitoba time
marine museum of manitoba, selkirk orientation video part1 part 1 of marine museum of manitoba in selkirk's original visitor orientation video, since replaced, made in 1987. produced by turner-mcculley productions. boats manitoba lake winnipeg selkirk museums history canada
swimming in insanely cold water!  snow winter sports fishing icefishing ice hypothermia canadian extreme sports justin bieber potato gun cannon science health leafs habs
secret spillway fishing spot + turtle reds, snook & bass all at the same spot.  this one. don't bother.  you'll never find it. secret spot fishing spillway turtle slider pouring redfish bass largemouth bass (organism classification) ninja snook saltwater brackish river tributary (geographical feature category) stream upper hillsborough tampa
2013 marathon ontario summerfest parade i was more than a little dissapointed at having driven all the way to marathon for the summerfest parade (check out the 2011 parade at  ) which may have been the shortest parade ever... however if you're into boats this will likely be a fun watch for you (or if you were in the parade this is your chance to see it all).  summerfest continues in marathon with some great events schedule for canada day tomorrow so check out their website    all your local, daily news is available 24/7 at   follow us:    (english)  (french)  advertising inquiries contact editor@ontarionewsnorth.com  produced by ontarionewsnorth.com  copyright ontarionewsnorth.com 2013 news marathon (city/town/village) marathon ontario marathon summerfest summerfest 2013 parade summerfest parade 2013 northwestern ontario northern ontario fish derby boats lake superior newspaper northshore lake superior ontario (canadian province)
vernon ~ aerial view vernon ~ aerial view vernon bc videos kalamalka lakes vacation cheap travel packages flights to ogopogo tours fishing sailing skiing sailboarding beaches kiteboarding boat rental house boats resorts wine tours hiking mountain biking british columbia destinations canada vacation getaways canadian resorts hotels motels camping silver star tourismbc hellobc car shows jazz blues folks music festivals yt:crop=16:9 localsknow jcvdude video production kelowna new media artist thompson okanagan lakevalley
frog fishing using a red cherry lure a frog with a red cherry attached to a hair strand. frog cherry lure hair strand funny samsung galaxy s3 1080p frog fishing bait lake swamp wetlands marsh
summer long weekend boat cruise - the wabic restaurant canada day - july 1st - long weekend and we headed out for a six hour journey to 'the wabic', a small restaurant along the severn river. this is part one of the weekend trip. another beautiful spot and we enjoyed good weather (despite the high winds on the way there), good company and made wonderful memories for the 2012 season!  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' canada day long weekend hd july 1 trent severn waterway boats tsw playlist marina boating on water sea ray severn river gopro cruise outdoor recreation (interest) summer
boating shuswap lake in sicamous, bc with moe's rentals we go boating on shuswap lake near sicamous, bc with moe's rentals. visiting the shark shack, beaches and waterfalls. boat rentals boating rentals #sicamous shuswap lake british columbia canada boats houseboats houseboating #moes rentals
arctic watch: fishing for landlocked arctic char a long atv ride from arctic watch lodge to a partially frozrn lake to fish for arctic char arctic watch char lodge fishing
newfoundland fishing - grey river lodges - the fishing musicians jimmy flynn, glen ferguson and special guest brian kenny and curtis hachey a.k.a. "beefloaf" travel newfoundland visiting salmon brook lodge for the worlds best salmon fishing on the eastern coast. music and fishing tagged with stupidity make a entertaining show.   glen ferguson jimmy flynn brian kenny curtis hachey guitar newfoundland salmon fishing music new foundland fishing grey river lodge tony tuck grey river
drone photography - a morning with the ottawa rowing club - dji phantom aerial photography filmed with a dji phantom 3 advanced.  the ottawa rowing club is the oldest rowing club in canada. it was founded on 6 june 1867, the same year as the canadian confederation. one of its founders and first patron, sir john a. macdonald, was canadas first prime minister. in early 1870s, the orc ceased to exist before being re-introduced on 25 june 1875. the original club house was a wooden building, initially built on pontoons, and moored to the shore of the ottawa river at the foot of parliament hill, between the rideau canal and the chaudire falls. whilst the view from the club house over the chaudire falls was picturesque, the rowing conditions were difficult: vast field of sawdust and other refuse from an immense lumber mill situated about the falls, and logs escaping from the booms. each spring, along with the melting ice, the club house floated downstream and came aground. every year it was brought back up near the rideau canal. in 1884 and 1885, the club house suffered important damage when it sank. in spring 1896, the members of the club decided to purchase a piece of the river front property at 10 lady grey drive and leave the club house in its current, permanent location. an addition (the present boat house) was added to the original building. the club is just west of and below sir john a. macdonald's home earnscliffe that is now the residence of the britain's high commissioner to canada. with close to 1000 members, the ottawa rowing club is one of the largest clubs in canada. boats row rowing club ottawa ottawa river drone relay single skull double skull pair coxless four quad coxed four eight
on the water at bobcaygeon, ontario sturgeon lake as viewed from the deck of centre point landing marina in bobcaygeon, ontario. this is located along the trent severn waterway, ontario. trent severn waterway bobcaygeon lake simcoe georgian bay boats boating cruise great loop sea ray
"cant catch a fish" , played at shanty town, bathurst,nb. world's favourite fishing song glen ferguson, curtis hachey and brian kenny play "cant catch a fish" on the ice during an ice fishing adventure in bathurst, new brunswick. music cant catch a fish song bathurst fishing bathurst new brunswick experience bathurst'tourism glen ferguson brian kenny curtis hachey jimmy flynn commedy fishing and music best fishing song ever fishing song shanty town bathurst cant catch a fish
bellingham washington visitor postcard video bellingham washington is one of the most admired communities in the pacific northwest and has earned a place on numerous national best-of lists. for it's climate, economy, recreational opportunities and proximity to other major cities including seattle washington and vancouver british columbia.  if you are considering a visit or move to the area this video will give you an idea of what bellingham has to offer. from hiking, biking, skiing, boating, kayaking, bellingham seems ideally tailored for the outdoors man.  this video was created using video and photos taken in and around bellingham washington. the titles, graphics, and special effects were created on my computer using video and photo editing software. all rights reserved.  disclaimer: this video is for entertainment purposes only.  music and sound effects courtesy of the youtube audio library "on the tip" "strolling through" "rock tune" "wish you'd come true" "in the field" "sideways samba" "heart beats" "morning walk" "ambiance outdoors dog barking" rock tune by audionautix is licensed under a creative commons attribution license ( artist:  in the field by audionautix is licensed under a creative commons attribution license ( artist:  sideways samba by audionautix is licensed under a creative commons attribution license ( artist:   additional sound effects courtesy of   visit my website at  bellingham washington things to do visitor information bellingham wa san juan islands bellingham video downtown waterfront bellingham washington whatcom moving vacation pacific northwest best of best places to retire relocating best hiking
south nahanni - blue through georges working for nahanni national park reserve south nahanni jetboat
trains to marmac lodge taking a trip on an old train to a magnificent lodge and lake for some outstanding walleye fishing.  produced by  for csf 26 01 tip03 - trains to marmac fishing fish italo labignan canadian sportfishing  rapala yamaha dickies lucky strike fishergirl humminbird minn kota csf 26 01 tip 03 trains to marmac
islandview resort, young's point on trent severn waterway a look around islandview resort, located at young's point, ontario along the trent severn waterway, roughly 15 miles north of peterborough, ontario, between clear lake & katchewanooka lake.   features marine with fuel and pump out, transient docking and a nice restaurant (the old mill) with outdoor patio.  music attribution: 'easy jam' kevin macleod (incompetech.com) licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0   - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' summer boating old mill tsw playlist restaurant yacht marine holidays boat (taxonomy subject) marina tsw cruising cruiser cruise young's point sea ray (brand) islands trent severn waterway beach water sail boats
crossing nemeiben lake nemeiben lake, saskatchewan: this was just a quick clip of our trip across the lake to visit for the afternoon. nemeiben lake cabins northern saskatchewan boats
georgian bay gopro dinghy tour - echo bay while we were staying at henry's restaurant on georgian bay, we took our inflatable dinghy our for a couple of hours to cruise over to a popular anchorage at 'echo bay'.  the south arm of that bay offers easy access and deep water, right up to shore with excellent protection form winds. the north arm is a little bit trickier to get in to, as there are shallow rocks at the mouth and only the brave ever venture into it.   at the north end of the north arm, there is a narrow and very pretty opening to the big bay, which you'll see in this video. always a nice venture into the area, be it echo bay, or any one of the dozens of other protected anchorages in the 'designated anchoring bays' of the massasauga provincial park (   captured with gopro hero 3  filmed in august, 2015  location of this video (echo bay): 45.19439 -80.12886   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd/blu-ray that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun bay (geographical feature category) dinghy (ship type) water cruise boats islands marine inflatable boat (ship type) mercury gopro
old boat. tossdart's old 1977 peterborough & 55 hp johnson/ evinrude on gull lake alberta canada. boat evinrude tossdart boating travel lake boats old water year cruiser
honey harbour 2009 first days of the 2009 summer holidays in lovely honey harbour on georgian bay. georgian bay honey harbour boats boating summer holidays
5700 duncan street, mariatown, morrisburg, south dundas, ontario 5700 duncan street, mariatown, morrisburg, south dundas, ontario oldford team at royal lepage realty 5700 duncan oldford team for sale mariatown morrisburg iroquois waterfront
riviere o'sullivan et lac pusticamica notre randonne en bateau sur la rivire o'sullivan et le lac pusticamica.  ride on o'sullivan river and pusticamica lake. miquelon pche fishing lac pusticamica waswanipi baie-james lake voyage
ice hut takes off in wawa ice hut takes off wawa ice fishing derby
nanaimo travel blog - charlaine boat ramp jim ballard's nanaimo travel blog continues...    in this episode, jim shows us the beautiful charlaine boat ramp and shack island in hammond bay.    for more information about this and other episodes, please visit:   "social" nanaimo travel nanaimo (city/town/village) boat fishing nanaimo homes jim ballard travel adventure vancouver island nanaimo travel blog nanaimo real estate nanaimo realtor british columbia boat ramp willys jeep cj2a canada
canada north lodge moose crossing the river  cnl3 089 fishing hiking outdoors diving saints row ski swimming
prince of wales island, alaska a family trip to alaska fishing alaska
on sort le bassboat session en bassboat sur le lac des deux-montages pendant l'automne. fishing bassboat pche bateau lac des deux montagnes
pk skis demonstration and description pk skis are specially designed skis for single or tandem wheeled fishhouses or trailers. you simply pull your fishhouse or trailer into the skis, strap them down and go. these skis make transporting your fishhouse a breeze, increasing your fishing destinations. fish house wheel house fishhouse wheelhouse skis icefishing ice fishing offroad
september ltb unboxing! epic ways to open box epic ltb unboxing! opening the box with moxie. the september box came with some pretty inovative baits. fish fishing bass bass fishing pike pike fishing big bass lunker baggingbiggins how to fish how to bass fish how to catch bass summer fishing summer bass fishing lure lures rod reel fishing unboxing ltb ltb unboxing unboxing
january ltb bass box unboxing~i fell through the ice january ltb box, this box was a pleasant surprise when i was opening it. lots of great crank baits, hooks, plastics, and set of hooks.  love opening this every month because you are guaranteed quality lures and you make around a 200% return off your lures based on retail. fish fishing bass bass fishing pike pike fishing big bass lunker baggingbiggins how to fish how to bass fish how to catch bass summer fishing summer bass fishing lure lures rod reel ice fishing ltb unboxing panfish big fish lucky tackle box outdoors lure unboxing bass lure
carp angling world championships 2011.wmv john bramley & colin peters of the k-1 baits team competing in the carp angling world championships 2011 on the st. lawrence river, usa carp angling world championship lee jackson ian chillcott steve briggs tim paisley carpworld st.lawrence fishing
fishing with fabio | stardew valley #9 we're back with stardew valley and decide to go back to fishing hoping to get some luck with my catches. though i get some unexpected help as fabio decides to join us.   i truly appreciate you guys watching. here's some free healing!  become a healer,. make sure to like and subscribe to the channel!   youtube gaming:   youtube channel:    twitter:   reddit:   google+:   player.me:    make sure to grab games on g2a using this link. the more it's used the more deals i can get for you:    hph teamed with freedom:    music & sounds (if used)   &   remember to always heal, please heal! fabio stardew valley stardew valley fabio stardew valley 1.1 here stardew fishing fishing videos valley heal please heal stardew stardew valley fishing
olympic peninsula adventure :: dji drone 4k a weekend spent exploring part of the olympic national forest in the state of washington.  perfect opportunity to fly our drone in the 600k+ acres of rain forest and rivers.  other drone videos: mt rainier:  manzanita:   my gear camera:  drone:  bending tripod:   fishing gear 8wt rod:  8wt reel: 6wt rod:  6wt reel:  music by  and   drone fishing fishing videos fishing olympic peninsula fly fishing olympic national forrest quinault lodge olympic peninsula olympic national park drone washington dji using drones when fishing hiking in the olympic national peninsula staying at the quinailt lodge on the olympic peninsula weekend trip the the olympic peninsula best weekend travel tips in washington
web only - gps navigation on ice - humminbird 385ci james holst, host of in-depth outdoors, discusses the importance of gps electronics for navigation for the ice angler and introduces the humminbird 385ci. the 385ci is a 4 season capable gps unit that serves double duty during the summer as a fully-functional fish finder & gps combo.  this short video is taken from the full in-depth outdoors episode titled "n.w. angle storm front walleyes." we encourage our viewers to subscribe and comment on videos you enjoy, or trips you would like to see.  subscribe here:    join the team, register for the in-depth outdoors web forums:   follow us on facebook:  in-depth outdoors james holst gps unit handheld gps h2o h2oc humminbird gps humminbird fishfinder ice fishing icefishing lakemaster lakemaster gps map lakemaster gps maps lakemaster gps chips icefishing video ice fishing video
the great north to alaska hovercraft adventure, bryan's take trip highlights of a 20' sevtec explorer and three adventuresome pilots. bryan phillips, barry palmer and john carter explore the alaska marine highway from anacortes, wa to juneau, ak with side-trips to bear sanctuaries, glaciers, and rapid rivers. documentary by john carter of  trip logs, videos, and stills of this 1400 mile epic journey are available there, too.  this version cut by bryan and included in the  info. disk. sevtec hovercraft amphibious marine alaska adventure hovernut hoverclub explorer glacier bear highway fishing rapids
the restoration of two mercury kg9s these thunderbolts from the early 1950s get a second life. 1950 and 1951 mercury motor outboard classic antique race old kg9 restored thunderbolt hurricane kg7 racing fast kiekhaefer rebuilt new marine vintage history lightning  nascar speed startup hydroplane 20h quicksilver prop propeller f1 boat miss supertest gar wood muskoka fishing omc collection collector old mercury old mercury outboard antique mercury antique mercury outboard restored mercury mercury kg9 mercury kg9
1956 mercury mk25 underway this outboard has been completely restored including new rings, bearings, seals, coils, impeller and proper paint. mercury outboard classic antique race fishing old mk25 restored aomci vintage
rocky mountain house grandview stage this is not just a successful business opportunity but a lifestyle opportunity! grandview stage offers an authentic western experience with all the amenities you need. on the landscaped 5 acre parcel you will have a convenience store, 70 seat restaurant with patio, 9 rustic rentable cabins built in 2002, and a beautiful, private living area for yourself with a modular home and outbuildings. this highway traffic location is rich with the westcountry culture and attracts everyone from live music lovers, snowmobilers, hikers, hunters, outdoor enthusiasts...you name it! well kept throughout and picturesque scenery, this opportunity is one of a kind! real estate clearwater county joleyne park clearwater realty ltd alberta business for sale rocky mountain house rocky mountains boating fishing summer vacation gas station century 21 clearwater real estate
runescape fishing guide part 2/2 detailed f2p and p2p ways. runescape fishing guide 02/10/2011 fishing
berlin lake ohio- dji pahntom footage a video i made of a local lake with my quadcopter, enjoy! the song is jetta - i'd love to change the world (matstubs remix). i do not own the song. dji phantom professional phantom 3 phantom 3 proffesional dji phantom 3 professional dji phantom 3 drone quadcopter quadcopter footage berlin lake lake drone footage dji vs 4k footage 1080p footage ohio alliance pap birds dry lake ice snow water trees cool videos cool video youtube drone with camera adobe premire adobe premire first drone video fishing dog easy to use footage drone footage quad copter gimbal 4k
premium seafoods group company film a short film on premium seafoods group, based in arichat cape breton. using mostly music and imagery, they want to give world markets a sense of who they are, and the quality they believe in. fun project to shoot. we ate lots of crab, lobster, and drank lots of dark rum around that kitchen counter during the production of the video. a fantastic company to work with. solid, fun, down to earth and smart business people. nova scotia fishing companies processing harvesting exporting journeyman film company arichat cape breton
hand painting the peetz fishing reel clock  hand painting the peetz fishing reel clock with a gold paint pen. handpainting fishing fishing reels carpenty handcrafted woodworking fishing gifts desk clocks wood reel fishing reel (sports equipment)
kelowna views - the waterfront park the waterfront park in kelowna bc canada on a warm summer day. kelowna waterfront park beach
commandment wrap up! the 10 commandments of metal detecting! this is a short educational mini series i wanted to do, to teach the basic ethics of metal detecting!  i hope you enjoy! commandments jthreeb canada orillia ontario treasure coins metal detecting fishing outdoors garrett bounty hunter pinpoint holes digging
border route trail | bwca | may 2010 buried deep in the heart of the bwca the border route trail is a rugged wilderness hiking trail that follows ridge-lines and the top of high cliffs wherever feasible.  created by the minnesota rovers, conquered by a few young men in may of 2010.  this is our trip. hiking backpacking bwca border route trail minnesota park climbing boundry waters grand marais fishing lake state parks camping gunflint lodge hammock bear sighting
castle river september how 2 fish castle river whitewater rafting pictoral chronologue area between canyon & tp65 fishing tubing tubing (recreation) rafting whitewater rafting floating castle river fishing.
chem cut liner we recovered a about 200m of 5 1/2 slotted liner, the picker was there to move the casing out of the way as it was layed down. the casing connections were in bad shape. silvertip fishing tools
belize adventures 2016 trailer channel:  twitter:  instagram:  belize adventures trailer travel explore zipline guides driving video watch come with me gopro canon camera shots exploring tubing rivers caves snorkelling reefs fishing
tuna supreme! one year ago today:   (click show more)    tuna supreme:     4  cups of water 1  cup macaroni 1  can mushroom soup (10 ounces) 1/4 cup skim milk powder 1/2 cup water 1  can tuna packed in water (6 1/2 ounces) 1  can mixed vegetables (10 ounces)     put the water in a medium pot. boil the water. add the macaroni. turn the heat down to medium high and boil for 8 minutes until macaroni is fully cooked.drain the water off the macaroni.     in a small pot, mix the 1/2 cup water with the skim milk powder. add the mushroom soup. heat on low, stirring, until the sauce boils. drain the water from the tuna. drain the vegetables. add the tuna and vegetables. add the soup mix and heat a few more minutes. add the macaroni and mix together.  facebook fan pages: randomcrazyfun76:  five dollar joke:   free music downloads:   personal facebook:   twitter:   instagram:   google+:   apple game center: randomcrazy76  our other channels: random stuff:  five dollar joke:  jasmen's channel:   rcf76 merch:  five dollar joke merch:   avon with jasmen:   my own group on facebook:   support me through paypal: fivedollarjoke@live.ca tuna (ingredient) supreme food (tv genre) good luck horse jamie river rescue team search party don stop police charlotte enough escape television (invention) fate please not journey now fishing good charlotte please don cops escapology (profession) michigan good luck! (film) escape fate believing film (film) leave detroit stop now lake fly catch stop believing rapids city bass bad trout salmon northern pike carp arbor marsh largemouth bass (organism classification)
boat building - construction d'un chalutier caseyeur fishing construction d'un bateau de peche en bois  wooden ship wood fishing boat building breizh iroise pays bigouden bois peche chalutier bretagne breton guilvinec penmarch priv communaut alatoire blog vido
yukon: greater than life -  mcintyre creek marsh  - part 2 few shots of wildlife within the city limits of whitehorse, yukon, canada for your enjoyment...:) bald eagle mcintrye creek whitehorse meditation & relaxation yukon
beaver having a snack a beaver having a snack on lake wabatongushi at errington's wilderness island resort beaver (animal) animal (film genre) wildlife canada (country)
so a bear walks into a camp site... this juvenile must've got a whiff of the burgers i just grilled up & decided to stay awhile. black bear camping nature hunting fishing holiday
inuit hunter - greenland it is said that greenland means 'the land of man'. to the greenlandic natives, it is home, where the dark days and sunlit nights demand the human spirit to endure at all costs. dressed in polar bear pants, seal skin mittens, and a reindeer jacket hand made by his grandmother, thomas martika has never left his home town of qaanaaq, greenland.   struggling to hold on to his culture despite changing times, he shares his concerns, "scientist say there are not many narwhals, or walrus, but form our eyes we can see a lot of animals. we try to say to our government what it's like here but our government does not hear from us, they only follow the word of the scientist. but our quota is too low and we can't hunt very many animals, maybe only enough for 10 or 20 hunters. many young children must go and look elsewhere for another job." with limited options to make money, many of greenland's youth have strayed from the traditional inuit ways.  greenland is an island of unparalleled beauty, and the coexistence between humans and animals depends upon the delicate balance of nature in the harshest of places. greenland 70 degrees west photography justin lewis michelle stauffer sled dogs qaanaaq eskimo inuit arctic dogs dog hunting fishing ice sea ice frozen poor rich buddy snow arctic circle (location) winter fun time lapse video film video short film (film) short film (tv genre)
moose vs bellyboat fisherman i yelled a moose was coming!  they looked at me like i was a idiot.  so i pressed record. moose bellyboat fishing fisherman hunting nature flyfishing tying casting lure bait charging calling attacking shooting photography education danger lake zoo deer michigan detroit catch animals wildlife rapids elephant city bass lions whale tiger safari
2016elkriverfloat a fall day floating on the elk river between fernie and elko bridge. elkriver riverfishing flyfishing pontoonboat ferniebc nature cutthroat troutfishing
fly casting - faults and fixes with steve smith a few basic tips on fixing faults on fly casting with steve smith (ci, mci) from the miramichi fly fishing school. this demonstration took place during the dieppe fly fishing forum-moncton boat show 2016. flyfishing flycasting stevesmith miramichiflyfishingschool monctonboatshow dieppe fly fishing forum
zipline & aerial park at fernie alpine resort new for the 2012 summer at fernie alpine resort the rippin' zipline & aerial park are sure to please for young and old. experience 16 elements up high from tree to tree with ziplines in between! a great fun challenge for families! check out this short video. mountain rocky mountains freeriding fly fishing in the rockies fernie alpine resort summer biking events fernie bc bike videos fernie mountain biking fishing in canada bull trout bc biking in bc fernie alpine resort canada tourism british columbia mtb riding lift access bike trails zipline bike park aerial park canada nic genovese dh biking
fernie bc bike park "riding the trails on fernie alpine resort are like no others we have ridden in any other bike park. it is so much fun to ride lift access trails that are so flowy, buff and loamy. it seems almost unreal that the trails can stay such good condition. i would say it would be easy to enjoy a summer riding in fernie with such a great variety of trails that keep expanding." kyle norbraten from the coastal crew and scott team progressive freerider.  mountain rocky mountains freeriding fly fishing in the rockies mountain biking (sport) fernie alpine resort summer biking mtb riding fernie bc bike videos fernie mountain biking fishing in canada bull trout bc biking in bc fernie alpine resort canada tourism british columbia events lift access bike trails zipline bike park aerial park canada nic genovese bicycle (sports equipment) dh biking bicycle (product category) cycling (interest)
on route to jones lake on the route to fish jones lake... nothing can stop us!!! fishing jones lake 4x4 drive riding wahleach
grizzly bear, black bear and salmon with habitat destruction i don't know how long it will be possible to see wildlife like grizzly bear, black bear and even salmon outside of game parks. grizzly black bear salmon fishing charters fly steel head riverside chalets flyfishing lodge salmonfishing lodges adventure yukon ontario charters milt eggs roe creekside restaurants b&b hotels motels canadian destinations british columbia vacations bc tourism hellobc thompson okanagan traveling kootenays touring conservation spawning streams jcvdude kelowna peachland fisheries ubc kokanee atlantic pacific river skeena tackle char trout labrador alaska river boat rentals family vacation
frogs mating the ice only went of the high mountain lake 1 week ago and already the frogs are mating.  i've seen many programs on how frogs are disappearing in many ecosystems due to global warming and in other areas it's pollution and chemicals that are killing them.    it was awesome to see so many frogs in one place. frogs mating video amphibian endangered croaking eggs tadpoles mountain dee lake wilderness resort videos heritage log cabins lodges cottages camping rv's kelowna bc fly fishing guides trips cabins boating boat rentals hiking biking moose elk bear bobcat cougar nature wildlife watching bird photography fly fishing gear vacation outfits flyfishing gifts resort jcvdude productions westjet gorving rving in canada tenting winfield country atvs motor homes yt:crop=16:9 localsknow campground
fishing-prints.com the art, prints, and paintings of ralph martens. the theme for his artwork is fishing and game fish. this video portrays some of his work and would appeal to the sport fisherman. fish fishing fisherman art paintings prints posters ralph martens oil painting fishingprints.com trout marlin bass flyfishing dorado northern pike paint print acrylic watercolor
flood water on the miramichi river,showing the brophy road to cains river. flood water over the brophy road at the upperblackville bridge,newbrunswick canada.the miramichi is a mighty salmon river with  abundance of atlantic salmon. fly fishing is a great sport here from april to october each year.this is a large flood with the water still rising.dec 14,2010. mighty flyfishing river.the miramichi river in upperblackville newbrunswick canada.the flood water is still
exploring the elaho river valley music credit: ccr exploring flyfishing creek fishing river elaho clendining squamish bc fish 4x4 logging road logging off road back map book elaho river (river) park mud national park (iucn category) michigan water offroad mountain trail lake mountains canyon
the white heaven teaser official teaser of the movie the white heaven canada skiing ski freeride fishing flyfishing troutfishing trout british columbia catskiing etats unis alberta timelapses canon 6d gopro
the camping tag one year ago today:  (click show more)  camping tag questions: 1. have you ever gone on a camping trip? 2. have you camped in a trailer, a tent, or outside? 3. have you ever made a campfire? 4. what would be your camping activities? 5. can you cook on an open camp fire? 6. do you have a camping story? if so tell it  ilikejesse:   state campus playlist:    join maker:   gofundme:   facebook:   twitter:   fan pages:    five dollar joke:  soundcloud:   instagram:   apple game center: randomcrazy76  other channels:    support me through paypal: fivedollarjoke@live.ca ilikejesse camping (literature subject) turtle fishing
grand manan island, nb, canada pictures from two summer visits to grand manan. canada vacation travel maritimes beach cliffs lighthouse ferry fishing boats new brunswick
dance for planet earth photos by cory wiebe photo medley for planet earth/played by armando castagnoli cory wiebe armando castagnoli powell river dance for planet earth fishing hiking sunshine coast trail canoe routes in bc mushrooming hazlam lake gibsons beach sunset lois cranberry tourism climbing mountain canada inspirational mountains toronto
minaki 2012 boi'ohs! les, mike n mike 2012 fishing
crestliner xcr 1462v 14' aluminum w/7.5hp mercury first salt water voyage for the crestliner 14', with a 1976 7.5 merc.    with just me in it (guy with the dude hat - 260lb) i can hit 30km/h which i think is pretty miraculous for a 7.5 hp that's older than i am (by one year!).    suprised that it even got up on plane. with two guys we hit 24km/h boat mercury 7.5 crestliner aluminum pender harbour nelson island vancouver bc xcr 1462v fishing fast
the bar tides ~ fishing with uncle joe "uncle joe" the bar tides ~ fisherman comics about fishing ~ you could be bass fishing or you could be catfishing or maybe you would be trolling for musky. funny humor fishing the bar tides comics funny humor comedy fish sketch
lac seul guide muskie vid just a few clips and pics from the lac seul east area, for updates check out  muskie fishing musky canada lac seul lac seul guide
lssu celebrates 25 years of atlantic salmon program in the mid-1970s, two friends had an idea for a collaboration that they believed would promote tourism in the upper peninsula, strengthen academic offerings at lake superior state university and reinforce the already strong community ties of edison sault electric company, now cloverland electric cooperative.    their idea, which also included the michigan department of natural resources as a partner, grew into the lssu aquatic research laboratory, which has been housed in the edison/cloverland powerhouse on the st. mary's river since its beginning. prof. gale gleason ph.d., head of the lab and lssu's dept. of biology and chemistry back then, and william gregory, former president of edison sault electric, saw the lab grow from a small research facility into a full-blown hatchery operation that this year will mark its 25th anniversary of releasing atlantic salmon into the river.    to celebrate the occasion, lssu will name this year's "class" of yearling salmon after gleason and gregory. the lab has released between 25,000 and 60,000 atlantics since its first stocking in 1987. this year, the lab will release more than 30,000 yearlings. fisheries salmon michigan sault ste marie lake superior state university college student fishing detroit fly catch rapids city school river fishcam aquatic research laboratory mclain greil education academic program undergraduate research funding great lakes huron graduation campus
richard barch launches ceremonal class of 2016 atlantic salmon much like lake superior state university students take a hands-on approach to their education, lssu staff and guests were able to get their hands wet  while stocking atlantic salmon on june 3 outside the lssu aquatic research laboratory in sault ste. marie, michigans alford park. lab manager roger greil (l) helps richard barch and lssu president tom pleger (r) as they prepare to deposit a ceremonial portion of atlantic salmon yearlings into the st. marys river while dedicating the entire batch of 37,000 salmon as the richard barch class during a 30th anniversary ceremony outside the cloverland electric cooperative power plant. barch, of ann arbor, accompanied here by his wife, theresa, was honored with the naming of this years class of salmon for his many years of support and dedication to lssu and especially the aquatic lab. he and theresa are longtime supporters of many aspects of the university, including its arts center. in addition to the barch family, lssu welcomed longtime michigan dept. of natural resources partners at the ceremony on friday. read more about the lssu aquatic research laboratory at lssu.edu/arl fisheries and wildlife fishing fish planting lake superior sault ste. marie lake superior state university outdoors atlantic salmon
big reed pond, me. arctic charr, brook trout eggs this video was uploaded from an android phone. charr arctic maine big reed pond fishing stocking reclamation restoration brook trout hatchery
fly-in fishing,lake pipio outpost-float plane take off! leaving lake pipio, july 2010 float plane airport airplane flying fishing
cedar valley lodge, on lake kipawa - 2  - cedar valley lodge, on lake kipawa. surprise storm on the lake!    call us now 1-819-629-7373 and reserve your outdoor experience. lodge quebec canada best fishing in quebec cedar valley lodge fishing hunting outfitter lake kipawa walleye pike lake trout
marine institute flume tank promotional video of the flume tank at the marine institute in st. john's, newfoundland, canada flume tank flumetank fishing gear trawls otterboards trawl doors viv vortex induced vibration hydrodynamics
blog 19 i wrote another fishing song! not much happening so im going to my studio to write a new song! yup, its slow and my creative ideas are flowing: so im gonna open up the amazing garageband app on my mac and crank out another song or two. check out more at  and you can download my music on cd baby or itunes! king fish man timmy cudmore david musial one world artists onewam music bmi fishing fish trout
atlantic boat builders - robitaille 45c production   editing/color : thierry dauga. cinematography : thierry dauga. camera grip, sound editor, 2d animations : stphane albert. productions cinvaste pantocarene conomie bas-caraquet canada atlnaval tank shop jacques dugas dennis gionet corbo philippe cormier thierry dauga composite claude robitaille 45 c ghislain leclair boat builders lobster herring new brunswick security fuel traps faster fish hold beak bow wave piercing boat fishing atlantic stephane albert
la bte de chasse kimpex ep01 nous dvoilons le gagnant du concours "la bte de chasse" kimpex!  m. et mme courtemanche de granby recevrons plus de 7500$ de modifications spcialises pour la chasse sur leur can-am commander xt 1000 2015!  c'est a suivre! quadiste.net can-am commander bete de chasse kimpex atv utv side by side hunting fishing pche chasse
pourvoirie qubec nature - vido promotionnel la pourvoirie qubec nature vous invite  dcouvrir son immense territoire o l'on retrouve les plus gros spcimens de truites mouchetes au qubec.     nous sommes situs dans les monts-valins au saguenay soit  environ 130 kilomtres de chicoutimi.     pourvoirie outfitter quebec nature pche fishing truite trout sagenay monts-valins chasse hunting
minecraft survival island 2.0 part 3 - mob fishing here on survival island we have started making shelter and went mob fishing and sent them sky high but it didn't turn out so well at the end of this episode! minecraft survival island survival island 2.0 part 3 mob fishing new 2013 video entertainment gaming mob fishing started making shelter sky high end creeper explosion thecreativedudestv thecreativeguystv plane crash search xeraingaming bluexephos yogscast zxnoregretzzxz mushroom on toast
two fishing dogs my two dogs doing what they love to do. fish. funny pets outdoor sports dogs honey little bit themsh109 sturgeon lake alberta williamson provincial park doggy life jacket fishing crazy
lakeside cabin 3, pittsburg nh a breezy day on the lakefront and short tour of cabin 3. this cabin features lake and mountain views, dvd player, easy waterfront access, open grassy yard with shared firepit, and great location near moose alley. our property is pet friendly!  standard amenities: linens for kitchen and bedroom, wifi and verizon cell service, dishware and appliances, picnic table, adirondack chairs, and charcoal grill available seasonally, and all cabins are accessible from snowmobile trails. pittsburg nh nh foliage autumn great north woods vacation moosewatching first connecticut lake ramblwood ramblewoods ramblwoods lodging cabin rental log cabin lakeside waterfront new hampshire (us state) weekend moose hunting fishing 1st connecticut lake tourism (interest) cottage
dec 14,2010 high water on the miramichi river heavy rains have caused the miramichi river to start rising.it is raising about 10 inches a hour. heavy rains in newbrunswick have caused the miramichi river to flood stage.what effect if any will this next year on atlantic salmon spring fishing for outfitters?atlantic stay up till april then they go back ocean.
maynard lake gopro motor mount attached the gopro hd to the boat motor while riding some rougher water. maynard lake lodge gopro hd fishing canada musky boating lund kenora
juneau a glimpse at juneau, alaska, usa and tour options plus bits of the 4th of july parade. juneau alaska red dog saloon gastineau gold mine salmon fishing mt. robert's tram
canada/ yukon/ stewart lake ich habe dieses video mit der funktion zum erstellen von diashows von youtube erstellt ( canada yukon stewart lake
albany river fire 2011 part 2 this video was taken below kagami falls on the albany river in june 2011. while we were crossing the portage the wind picked up and the fire took off with it. it had died down the evening before to the point where we couldn't even see smoke. we decided to try to get down river while the wind was calm, but that didn't work so well. albany river fire forest ontario kagami canada fishing falls
whispering winds resort on lake vermilion an introductory movie of the whispering winds resort on beautiful lake vermilion in northern minnesota. resort vacation fishing lake cabins
meet colton otto | river valley lake minnetonka   minnesotas number one place for fun! river valley power and sport is a marine and power sport dealer servicing minnesota from three locations based out of red wing, mn, rochester, mn and on lake minnetonka in wayzata, mn   river valley power and sport is a new and pre-owned boat and watercraft dealer in minnesota. we sell popular brands such as yamaha jet boats, yamaha waverunner personal watercraft, centurion tow and wake boats, monterey sport boats, monterey super sport boats, monterey sport yachts, bennington pontoons and south bay pontoons. our customers travel from all over the state to get the best deal on premium watercraft and boats. customers frequently purchase from us cities such as: duluth, brainerd, hudson, wi, ellsworth, wi, minneapolis, st. paul, northfield, prior lake, st. cloud, white bear lake, eden prairie, maple grove, forest lake, winona, mankato, faribault, albert lea, eau claire, wi and lacrosse, wi. river valley and sport is a white diamond yamaha dealer and is the top volume selling dealers for the yamaha brand in the united states. yamaha offers boat models such as: 242 limited s, 242 limited, ar240, sx240, 212x, 212ss, sx210, ar210, sx192, ar192, sx190 and the ar190. yamaha boats out sell the competition in the 19 foot, 21 foot and 24 foot class nearly two to one! monterey boats are one of the top five boat builders in the country. river valley power and sport started carrying monterey boats in the summer of 2013. monterey has a full line of sport boats from 18 feet to 27 feet, m-series boats from 24 feet to 26 feet, blackfin & monturas from 18 feet to 21 feet, super sport boats from 21 feet to 32 feet and sport yachts and cruisers from 27 feet to 40 feet. their fit and finish are second to none! monterey is a privately held company that is debt free and owns all their own manufacturing facilities which helps to deliver much more boat for your dollar.   south bay and bennington are river valley power and sports number one choice is pontoons. river valley power and sport is your location to get the best price for either south bay or bennington boats. both south bay and bennington deliver quality you will not find in any other pontoon manufacturer. river valley can custom build the south bay or bennington pontoon of your dreams. stop by any of our three locations to start building your dream boat today! south bay and bennington build pontoons from 18 to 31 feet.   centurion tow and wake boats joined the river valley power and sport family in 2014. centurion makes the number one boats for wakeboarding, wakesurfing, wake skating and skiing. centurion is the only boat to pull riders in the wakesurfing worlds competition. the centurion enzo line is comprised of boats from 21 to 24 feet with the best ram fill ballast technology and industry leading designs. let river valley marine match you to your perfect tow boat today! if you are in the market for a watercraft, boat, cruiser or yacht river valley power and sport is your location for the best value in minnesota. try before you buy, our lake minnetonka and red wing location offer floating show-floors. get out on the water and experience all boating can offer.   river valley power and sport doesnt only offer boats and watercraft; powersports is where it all began in the retail world for us. we sell popular brands such as honda, can-am, polaris, spyder, ski-doo, slingshot, suzuki, yamaha and gibbs. river valley power and sport is a new and pre-owned atv, motorcycle, scooter, snowmobile and side by side dealer in minnesota. our customers travel from all over the state to get the best deal on premium power sports. customers frequently purchase from us cities such as: duluth, brainerd, hudson, wi, ellsworth, wi, minneapolis, st. paul, northfield, prior lake, st. cloud, white bear lake, eden prairie, maple grove, forest lake, hastings, winona, mankato, faribault, albert lea, eau claire, wi and lacrosse, wi. river valley and sport is a white diamond yamaha dealer and is the top volume selling dealers for the yamaha brand in the united states. boating monterey boats yamaha bennington pontoons south bay pontoons lake minnetonka fishing
lake minnetonka ice out update 3/6/17 | river valley power and sport the wind last night and today 3/7/17 have started to shift the ice around the lake a bit. quite a bit more open water this morning. too windy to fly today but look for another update soon! this could be the earliest ice out ever  have bets on when the ice will go out on lake minnetonka for 2017? stay tuned for video updates from river valley power and sport. video of tanager lake and browns bay!     minnesotas number one place for fun! river valley power and sport is a marine and power sport dealer servicing minnesota from three locations based out of red wing, mn, rochester, mn and on lake minnetonka in wayzata, mn   river valley power and sport is a new and pre-owned boat and watercraft dealer in minnesota. we sell popular brands such as yamaha jet boats, yamaha waverunner personal watercraft, centurion tow and wake boats, monterey sport boats, monterey super sport boats, monterey sport yachts, bennington pontoons and south bay pontoons. our customers travel from all over the state to get the best deal on premium watercraft and boats. customers frequently purchase from us cities such as: duluth, brainerd, hudson, wi, ellsworth, wi, minneapolis, st. paul, northfield, prior lake, st. cloud, white bear lake, eden prairie, maple grove, forest lake, winona, mankato, faribault, albert lea, eau claire, wi and lacrosse, wi. river valley and sport is a white diamond yamaha dealer and is the top volume selling dealers for the yamaha brand in the united states. yamaha offers boat models such as: 242 limited s, 242 limited, ar240, sx240, 212x, 212ss, sx210, ar210, sx192, ar192, sx190 and the ar190. yamaha boats out sell the competition in the 19 foot, 21 foot and 24 foot class nearly two to one! monterey boats are one of the top five boat builders in the country. river valley power and sport started carrying monterey boats in the summer of 2013. monterey has a full line of sport boats from 18 feet to 27 feet, m-series boats from 24 feet to 26 feet, blackfin & monturas from 18 feet to 21 feet, super sport boats from 21 feet to 32 feet and sport yachts and cruisers from 27 feet to 40 feet. their fit and finish are second to none! monterey is a privately held company that is debt free and owns all their own manufacturing facilities which helps to deliver much more boat for your dollar.   south bay and bennington are river valley power and sports number one choice is pontoons. river valley power and sport is your location to get the best price for either south bay or bennington boats. both south bay and bennington deliver quality you will not find in any other pontoon manufacturer. river valley can custom build the south bay or bennington pontoon of your dreams. stop by any of our three locations to start building your dream boat today! south bay and bennington build pontoons from 18 to 31 feet.   centurion tow and wake boats joined the river valley power and sport family in 2014. centurion makes the number one boats for wakeboarding, wakesurfing, wake skating and skiing. centurion is the only boat to pull riders in the wakesurfing worlds competition. the centurion enzo line is comprised of boats from 21 to 24 feet with the best ram fill ballast technology and industry leading designs. let river valley marine match you to your perfect tow boat today! if you are in the market for a watercraft, boat, cruiser or yacht river valley power and sport is your location for the best value in minnesota. try before you buy, our lake minnetonka and red wing location offer floating show-floors. get out on the water and experience all boating can offer.   river valley power and sport doesnt only offer boats and watercraft; powersports is where it all began in the retail world for us. we sell popular brands such as honda, can-am, polaris, spyder, ski-doo, slingshot, suzuki, yamaha and gibbs. river valley power and sport is a new and pre-owned atv, motorcycle, scooter, snowmobile and side by side dealer in minnesota. our customers travel from all over the state to get the best deal on premium power sports. customers frequently purchase from us cities such as: duluth, brainerd, hudson, wi, ellsworth, wi, minneapolis, st. paul, northfield, prior lake, st. cloud, white bear lake, eden prairie, maple grove, forest lake, hastings, winona, mankato, faribault, albert lea, eau claire, wi and lacrosse, wi. river valley and sport is a white diamond yamaha dealer and is the top volume selling dealers for the yamaha brand in the united states. lake minnetonka monterey boats bennington pontoons centurion boats supreme boats yamaha boating lake life fishing
bwca quetico 2016  bwca quetico boundary waters moose bay ranger bay basswood quetico provincial park prairie portage moose bay co smallmouth bass northern pike walleye camping canoeing canoe fishing gopro canada bwca base camping rei basecamp 4 boundary waters canoe area
off grid living season 2 esp 5 (solar power) i change some of my solar power lighting and charge the batteries. i have been since july with no constant power hookup. we are all hooked back into the panels on one of the batteries so all should be good pathfinder survival bug out bushcraft scouts scouting primitive skills.traditional archery bone stone tools self reliance navigation orienteering tracking trekking camping backpacking hiking tents campfire fire wool blanket kit emergency preparedness army ranger spear hunting cooking fishing game cleaning meat preservation nature naturalist trapping traps handdrill bowdrill alcohol stove wildlife
queen charlotte lodge boats pulling into dock a boat pulls into the dock at queen charlotte lodge and gets a great view of the dock in behind. dock qcl queen charlotte lodge fishing salmon fishing tyee chinook halibut the lodge
rodrigo at milbanke sound  ( getting in touch with nature at the westcoast resorts with my song "ocean of dreams" in the background. music fishing nature friends getaway travelling places boating.
ketchikan alaska cruise ship port and salmon capital of the world ketchikan alaska is not only the salmon capital of the world it is also the rain capital of the world. ketchikan is one of the most popular cruise ship port destinations with a colorful downtown and unique creek street, once ketchikan's red light district.  ketchikan is a great place for a fishing charter even if you are only there for the day. your catch can be cleaned, packed, and shipped home to arrive upon your return your you can surprise family or friends. there's nothing quite like getting fish in the mail.  how did ketchikan get its name? its unknown even what it means. some say it means "this river belongs to ketch" but others claim ketchikan refers to a thundering eagle.  people are always asking me how i made these videos with cool fx. if you're interested in how i made this video on my home computer and the software i used here is a link:   note: this video is an original work created from photos taken on my visit to ketchikan alaska on a cruise. i created animations, objects and titles with photo and video editing software.  music by kevin macleod sunshine by kevin macleod is licensed under a cc attribution 3.0.   ********************************************************************************************* creative commons license  permissions beyond the scope of this license are available at  music by kevin macleod is licensed under a cc attribution 3.0. ********************************************************************************************* ketchikan alaska salmon capital ketchikan alaska cruise ship alaskan cruise salmon fishing tourist creek street totum poles inside passage alaska tourism (industry)
newfoundland 2013 - gopro hero3 silver edition running the gopro through its paces during a trip to newfoundland, canada. filmed with the gopro hero3 silver edition at 720p/30fps. you should probably watch it in hd. gopro newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) st. john's (city/town/village) canada (country) newfoundland (island) whale (animal) coast cliffs edge rock water ocean atlantic hiking hero3 silver edition world war 2 underground bunker hospital cave great big sea newfie moose hunting johnny reid hey rosetta youtube salmon fishing music gopro hero 3 go pro gopro 3 canada people are awesome people are crazy puppy vancouver guitar glitch mob gopro movie video
clarkson university mba students study economic impact of bassmaster tournament the bassmaster elite series tournament reeled in thousands of people on the second weekend of august 2013. so, when the st. lawrence county chamber of commerce wanted to see exactly how big of an economic fish they had landed, they called clarkson university's school of business. mba students from several  countries are conducting an economic impact study of how the world's largest fishing championship series affected a small town local economy. fishing waddington clarkson university school of business college bassmaster bassmaster elite bass fishing business school (school category) mba (degree) waddington (city/town/village) new york (us state)
fairmont waterfront ~ arc visits haida gwaii chef alessandro and our team recently visited haida gwaii to experience where our 100% certified ocean wise seafood is sourced first hand.  we had an amazing time razor clamming with renowned haida carver reg davidson;  mushroom foraging with haida carver tyson brown and salmon fishing with shawn baybutt and the crew from haida wild.  we were overwhelmed with the hospitality that we experienced from everyone we met and completely in awe of the raw beauty of the islands.  arc and fairmont waterfront are proud to partner with haida wild as we work together to support sustainable fishing - our goal is to source 60% of our restaurant's seafood from the pristine waters off the shores of haida gwaii.  more on haidawild:  more on fairmont waterfront's sustainable initiatives:  #fairmontwaterfront fairmont waterfront waterfront hotel arc restaurant @arcdining #arcdining haida gwaii haida salmon fishing sustainable fishing haida wild reg davidson tyson brown alessandro vianello haida house ocean wise oceanwise green hotel sustainable hotel
historical film footage collection  fhv transferred, enhanced and edited historical film by pathe cameraman will hudson to create a series of seven videos for a whatcom musem exhibit. this is a small example of what life was like in washington state during the early 1900's. i actually caught a salmon that size in alaska on the kenai river with my father. used a pole.... not a net and horse. salmon fishing washington early 1900 will hudson pathe film historical film collection whatcom museum film columbia river fishing 6 gilled shark hooligan smelt fishing old film footage archival film washington
lucky tackle box multi species november 2016 here it is my lucky tackle box for november. lots of great baits cannot wait to use them next year!!! now remember i'm up here in canada so our bass aren't as big as below the boarder. but stay tuned for some monster bass next season!!!   check out my instagram @zakprenger            fishing lucky tackle box lures november bass fishing unboxing gopro hero 4
fish sounds - the goblin quelques sances tourne dans les limbes. on courrait, on criait et personne nous entendait  few scene from the limbs where we ran, we screamed and only the wind could hear us goblin fish sounds the fish sounds bass fishing indie alternatif alternative garagepop indiepop dance music musique canada quebec lac des ecorce lac des ecorces liste des plus gros canons classs par calibre cline dion
bear exclusive tombstone tv had a bear exclusive from the chilkoot river in haines alaska. the momma bear is on the prowl for salmon, just like the other fishers in the area. tombstone tv bear chilkoot river salmon fishing haines alaska grizzly bear bears
brown bear in haines, alaska brown bear (grizzly) on the chilkoot river in haines, alaska. pacificsailors.com bear haines alaska lynn canal grizzly brown bear eating salmon fishing bear eating fish salmon stream salmon fishing bears chilkat river (river) chilkoot
troll perfect - it really works! whether fishing in wind, waves, current, or just whenever you need the high speed settings, troll perfect will allow you to take control of your trolling motor. learn how to install and adjust troll perfect on your boat. for more information visit:  . trolling motor bass fishing bass boats tournament fishing troll perfect boat accessories fishing boating
shades of green: healthy fish & wildlife habitat in this second installment on the tongass nf, listen as the people who manage, conserve, and monitor the wildlife and aquatic habitats of this great place. tongass salmon grizzly grizzly bear brown bear salmon fishing wildlife habitat habitat restoration logging
algonquin kayaking - 2016 weekend trip to algonquin. we camped at canisbay for the weekend. we both had an awesome trip. we saw a bunch of wildlife,  we were brutally eaten alive by bugs and enjoyed great food. can't wait to get back out there. next on the list is a backpack or paddle-in campsite. but we'll probably save until after our europe trip.  gear used: gopro hero gopro chest harness e6x 822 dsr pflueger trion 25 20lb power pro megabass vision 110 - french pearl old town twin heron  more videos to come from the summer.  subscribe and check out my instagram: rynnthny algonquin kayaking fishing gopro gopro kayaking gopro fishing fishing a jerkbait megabass vision 110 french pearl oldtown kayak ontario cannisbay
newfoundland bears - sandy lake lodge shows a couple of the bears harvested in 2008 at sandy lake lodge in newfoundland, canada sandy lake lodge newfoundland fishing lodges hunting canadian trips bear hint trophy fly trout outfitters guides moose lodge resorts caribou
the alexis p suter band "song #1" - salmon arm's roots & blues festival alexis p. suter's voice is a force of nature. when she takes to the stage, thunder rumbles, lightning bolts slice the sky, and sparks fly everywhere! when alexis sings the blues, you know she's been there. when she sings a tender ballad, you hear her heart. and when she rocks you .... baby, that's when you get your shuga fix! born in brooklyn, ny, alexis came from a strong musical background. her mother was a music teacher and accomplished singer who worked with such notables as harry belafonte, mahalia jackson, sister rosetta tharpe, and the hall johnson choir. often she would have alexis sing in recitals and gospel plays and it wasn't long before alexis realized that it was music and sharing it with others, that fed her soul.    although her career is relatively new, alexis has already toured internationally, and has shared the stage with some of the biggest names in blues. in the early 90's, she became a staple of underground garage music and the first african american woman signed to sony-epic in japan. her legendary "slam me baby" distinguished her as a genuine underground star with penetrating vocals while living blues magazine called, "shuga fix", alexis' debut release, "fierce and fabulous". a seasoned gospel performer, alexis is a featured vocalist with new york's acclaimed illumination gospel chorale, and also solos with the total praise gospel choir. as a regular performer at the  hyperlink " \t "_blank" levon helm "midnight ramble sessions" in woodstock, ny, one of her latest releases is a phenomenal cd/dvd recorded live at the sessions.     a true vocal phenomenon, alexis has been astounding audiences up and down the east coast for the past few years, backed by her tight, soul-rocking ensemble. the band is anchored by ray grappone's funky beats and peter bennett on bass, while jimmy bennett plays stinging guitar, and soulful singers, vicki bell, glenn turner and linda pino, ramp up the intensity that has captured the attention of some of the best players around.     alexis' unprecedented, universal talent connects with the heart and soul of audiences everywhere. her larger than life stage presence radiates to the farthest niche of performance space. keep your eyes and ears open. shooting stars are only seen if you're paying attention. alexis p suter band live music inspirational church concert fishing harmonica harp live concert
riding at nickel offset pit brett, bobby, and i all riding at nickel offset with some other random people. nickel (chemical element) pit creek red red bull riding race
the alexis p. suter band "song #4"- salmon arm's roots & blues festival alexis p. suter's voice is a force of nature. when she takes to the stage, thunder rumbles, lightning bolts slice the sky, and sparks fly everywhere! when alexis sings the blues, you know she's been there. when she sings a tender ballad, you hear her heart. and when she rocks you .... baby, that's when you get your shuga fix! born in brooklyn, ny, alexis came from a strong musical background. her mother was a music teacher and accomplished singer who worked with such notables as harry belafonte, mahalia jackson, sister rosetta tharpe, and the hall johnson choir. often she would have alexis sing in recitals and gospel plays and it wasn't long before alexis realized that it was music and sharing it with others, that fed her soul.    although her career is relatively new, alexis has already toured internationally, and has shared the stage with some of the biggest names in blues. in the early 90's, she became a staple of underground garage music and the first african american woman signed to sony-epic in japan. her legendary "slam me baby" distinguished her as a genuine underground star with penetrating vocals while living blues magazine called, "shuga fix", alexis' debut release, "fierce and fabulous". a seasoned gospel performer, alexis is a featured vocalist with new york's acclaimed illumination gospel chorale, and also solos with the total praise gospel choir. as a regular performer at the  hyperlink " \t "_blank" levon helm "midnight ramble sessions" in woodstock, ny, one of her latest releases is a phenomenal cd/dvd recorded live at the sessions.     a true vocal phenomenon, alexis has been astounding audiences up and down the east coast for the past few years, backed by her tight, soul-rocking ensemble. the band is anchored by ray grappone's funky beats and peter bennett on bass, while jimmy bennett plays stinging guitar, and soulful singers, vicki bell, glenn turner and linda pino, ramp up the intensity that has captured the attention of some of the best players around.     alexis' unprecedented, universal talent connects with the heart and soul of audiences everywhere. her larger than life stage presence radiates to the farthest niche of performance space. keep your eyes and ears open. shooting stars are only seen if you're paying attention.    performance captured by the student volunteer documentary crew during salmon arm's 18th annual roots & blues festival held every third weekend in august. go to  for more information regarding this year's event. alexis p. suter band live music inspirational church concert fishing harmonica harp live concert
bwca 2012: upper lip four guys in the bwca canoe, fish, and have a great time. ("day two morning" is an inside joke, so don't worry about why we say it every day). bwca bwcaw minnesota canoe trip walleye fishing wilderness lakes camping lake holiday outdoor sports summer
alex keszler - on the mercury 9.9 prokicker professional angler and lund pro staffer, alex keszler talks about how using a mercury 9.9 pro kicker for trolling in his lund 2010 pro guide has helped make him a better fisherman. 'lund boats' pro staff' 'mercury outboards' 'gas trolling motor' fishing tips & tricks 'alex keszler' 'steve macinnis' 'adventures north' boats instructions
the isaac hare show - down & sleezy in arkansas t.c.e.l recognition presents: the isaac hare show starring isaac hare (lead singer of sleeze),  edited by: chandler lang produced by: t.c.e.l recognition  in this episode isaac finds him self on a vacation he took back in the summer of 2015", enjoy!  sleeze (face book)   isaac hare (face book)   t.c.e.l recognition (official website)  fishing party
keewaydin 2011 section b boys - long version join the adventure!  keewaydin camp is an unforgettable summer experience for boys (ages 10-18) through adventurous canoe trips. these fun, empowering and safe excursions build outdoor skills while fostering strength, leadership, self reliance and confidence. adventure fun wildlife growth confidence white water lakes quebec labrador hudson's bay outdoors camping swimming paddling fishing water empowering strength outdoor skills summer camp summer camp river
the wilderness chef iii - an egg is  cracked the wilderness chef iii  ... cracked eggs .. fish and more geese . the adventures of the wilderness chef continue . fishing camping cooking geese goose canada migration thunder bay
dbut carpe 2016 pche de carpes communes sur le saint laurent aprs un amorage la veille. carp fishing saint laurent
new gopro toy! can't wait for fishing! i'm just your average night owl tattooed music lovin car salesmen computer guy medical marijuana patient, battling anxiety and alcoholism. trying to make a change in my life through honesty and vlogging. take a walk with me  im a pro at having anxiety attacks and grabbing things from high shelves. let me know if you need any guidance on those topics! :d  here's a link to yesterdays vlog:   twitter: @jaygeevlogs snapchat: justyngeee instagram: justyn_gee  by liking and sharing this video you will actually save a real life puppy, a cute one too... not one of those ugly puppies! thanks for caring about the puppies!  to whom it may concern: i am prescribed medical marijuana from my doctor. he's a great guy. me being licensed under the mmpr of canada, if i happen to show or consume any of my medicine in any of my videos i am not breaking any laws! only following the instructions of my physician. he's a great guy. so please take a deep breath before you start trippin!  music by: aquastonethrone.com aquastonethrone.tumblr.com twitter.com/aquastonethrone    music used with permission from the artist vlog vlogger vloggers vlogging saskatoon justynguyettevlogs justyn guyette gopro fishing saskatchewan
kaltfront aus alaska erreicht  teslin lake, yukon  teslin lake yukon canada kanada alaska highway alcan gewitter sturm storm thunderstorm wolken clouds
fox lake campground, yukon, kanada fahrt ber den campingplatz.    canada (country) campground campingplatz camping (literature subject) sk touristik yukon campsite (accommodation type)
nunavik tv spot throat singing audio track set to fast shots of the scenery, wildlife and people of arctic quebec's nunavik region...three more great reasons to visit.  see related video: "nunavik vignette" nunavik tv commercial caribou polar bear ptarmigan inuit beluga wolf muskox quebec canada throat singing steve macinnis nunavik tourism wildlife
2012-02-26 001 video - statter harbor dive - sunken fishing boat.mp4 it was snowing and cold and not the best day out....but still wanted to run some salt water through my gills....so, dropped in at statter harbor.....found this deteriorated fishing boat at the bottom..... taken with the gopro 2 hidef mini camera harbor ocean boat water fishing scuba dive diving gopro scuba diving swimming underwater
2 black bears playing in northern ontario i'm a nature photographer and after i got a few stills of these two, i videoed then for a few seconds. black bear wildlife bear nature northern ontario american black bear (organism classification) canada
a canadian grouse filmed in british columbia, this film features a drumming male grouse. pets canada (country) wildlife
french river camping trip | edwina bong my 5 day french river canoe-camping trip. we spotted some bears and canoed for hours. enjoy!  music:  going higher - bensound.com ento, odyssea -  slow magic - waited 4 u (odesza remix) french river (river) portaging camping georgin bay canoeing (sport) canada bear wildlife chipmunk caterpillar tent mec osprey campfire campsite summer fun
working on the tongass from the perspective of supervisors to technicians and specialists, these hard-working forest service employees give you their side of working on the largest forest in the national forest system. from district rangers and geologists, to recreation managers and wilderness kayak rangers, you see a perspective of the tongass from a different point of view. *some of these employees have since moved on to other positions within the forest service since this was produced in 2006 and 2007. forest service tongass national forest us forest service usda forest service southeast alaska juneau wilderness kayak ranger geologist wildlife recreation fishing hunting outdoor sports forest service employment forest service jobs jobs wild and scenic rivers salmon bears grizzly bear brown bear bald eagle archaeologist
twin lakes campground, yukon, kanada fahrt ber den campingplatz.    canada (country) campground campingplatz camping (literature subject) sk touristik yukon campsite (accommodation type)
aljaka - yukon 2012 s country radiem a petrem novotnm report z cesty po aljace a yukonu v ervenci 2012. (amatrsk nekomenrn hd video.) aljaka yukon petr novotn country radio alaska
wow leveling guide download | alliance and horde leveling guides  - wow leveling guide download alliance, horde leveling guides, dungeons video games and gaming alliance horde world of warcraft warcraft wow dungeon dungeons guide raids bosses runs finder walkthrough quests solo instances leveling addons in game tutorial review gaming video games hunter gold making tips alchemy jewelcrafting blacksmithing mining skinning enchanting herbalism inscription leatherworking cooking fishing machinima phrog801 animpinabox johnsju swifty wafflepwn watchtheguild
phil rowley   greater water floatman a great water boatman pattern. phil rowley greater water floatman fly tying pattern northern lights alberta
hotel opmiska   hotel opemiska le pcheur du nord fishing derbies tournoi dor brochet pike wallaey lac cris wawanipi communaut autochtone pub (drinking establishment type) hotel (industry) room 222 (tv program) chambre a louer loyer pche peche vacance chapais hotel motel motel (accommodation type) salle salle ibn yassine (sports facility) voyage fishing aventure sport sports pecheur pcheur nord qubec qubec (canadian province) voyage de pche voyage de peche tournoi de pche tournoi de peche tounoi de pche
cwg pan northern torch relay kluane lake, february 3, 2007 the yukon torch visits destruction bay and burwash landing, yukon on february 3, 2007 as part of the canada winter games pan northern torch relay. the relay travelled between the two communities on the frozen kluane lake.the torch was carved by shane wilson from caribou antler. antler raven canada caribou carving games northern yukon pan polar burwash landing destruction bay kluane lake relay shane torch wilson winter
rebirth in the onyx ice poetry as video, set to photographs i took on a helicopter flyover of the kaskawulsh glacier and slims river in kluane national park and reserve in the yukon.    the poem in original form:     music used under creative commons license:  i wonder if god was sleeping by scott altham:   too quiet by olddog:  photography poetry poem yukon nature sacrifice jeejeebhoy canada kluane park rebirth ice
wild yukon buffalo wild yukon buffalo along the alaska highway in november 2008. they did not even give me the time of day when i stopped to say "hello". nice buffalo! adventure alaska animal animals buffalo eating grazing highway hunting nature road snow trip wild yukon
red deer river canoe trip 2007 canoeing the red deer river from dickson dam to joffre bridge.  a three day trip! red deer river canoe canoeing kayaking
gross morne national park newfoundland june 12 2015. gross morne national park newfoundland, what a day it was 20 degrees. youtube capture gross morne national park newfoundland gros morne national park (protected site) newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) tourist destination tourism (interest) national park (iucn category) summer
mid lake cliff diving dive off a cliff at mid lake into warm, clear northern lake near thompson, manitoba, canada tour thompson lodge and ecotourism centre swimming lake diving (sport) northern experience thompson manitoba canada tourism (interest)
grizzly bear encounter - dejw's my first real encounter with grizzly bear that close in yukon/canada.  moje prvni opravdove setkani s medvedem grizly v yukonu v kanade. grizzly grizly canda yukon alaska medved aliaska dejw setkani
takhini river lodge takhini river lodge is an elegant accomodation located in the remote yukon, canada. accomodation lodge b&b inn dogsledding northern lights aurora boralis yukon whitehorse spa hot tub jacuzzi
35 years of strength, community and pride - the yukon native hockey tournament the 35th annual yukon native hockey tournament is almost upon us!!!  hosted by yiha, kilrich and northerm.    this year will be the biggest yet, with a staggering 42 teams in 5 divisions during the 3 day event! to help us celebrate, we've cooked up this video to share some of the tournaments history and past years of excitement.      for 35 years, the yukon native hockey tournament has been a major northern tradition, bringing first nations from yukon and all over the north together in celebration and skilled competition.      we would like to give a big shout out and thank you to our board of directors, sponsors, fans and players, who together have made this tournament the most anticipated and well attended annual sporting event north of 60!    if you don't have your tickets yet, get em' soon, they're selling fast!    enjoy the video and we'll see you rink side!  ( ; hockey tournament first nations yukon whitehorse canada pride competitive skilled fierce rock n' roll north northwest territories b.c alberta 35 years culture tribal kaska gwich'in tlingit kwanlin dn champagne aishihik den ta'an kwch'n tahltan tuchone youth a division b division finals ice puck fast tahkini arena fans goals net stick teams championship champs sports 2012
gopro quading yukon an edit of the summer i had off-roading in the yukon territory of canada. filmed 100% on the gopro hero 3+   subscribe:     my hunting account:     ________________________________________   music provided by nocopyrightsounds:  tobu-sound of goodbye:   tobu:  gopro (award-winning work) quad yukon alaska rugged mud gold polaris kawasaki gopro edit water moose caribou trek adventure motocross yamaha cross suzuki riding
robbie 99 fishing with colorful commentary me getting 99 fishing  thanks to all who showed up  kittystaco arizrain i rep africa stravaros gabbygoesha devilminer99 justiss x rs runescape 99 fishing video game zamorak saradomin guthix jagex ltd. fantasy mmorpg free to play noob bank gameplay rpg quest stats ownage computer phat runescape bank pking bandos arma ss rare rich stake duel deathmatch range pvp hunter nex torva clan bounty arena dragon owned claws f2p mage strength owning
kluane national park, yukon this is a video taken on a trail heading into kluane national park in the yukon, canada kluane national park yukon
yukon, canada and surroundings traveler photos - tripadvisor tripwow  - tour of yukon, canada created at tripwow by travelpod (a tripadvisor company)    tripadvisor tripwow slideshow of yukon by travelpod.    cities visited on this trip:  - whitehorse, yukon, canada  - dawson city, yukon, canada  - beaver creek, yukon, canada  - haines junction, yukon, canada  - inuvik, northwest territories, canada    photos in this video:  - "the old log church" by eagle46 from a blog titled "around whitehorse"  - "old log church - 1900" by bwalser from a blog titled "june 13 watson lake to whitehorse, yukon"  - "front of old log church" by eagle46 from a blog titled "whitehorse"  - "the alter in the old log church" by eagle46 from a blog titled "around whitehorse"  - "the famous climb in the chilkoot trail" by lobo from a blog titled "whitehorse - alaska: - part 4"  - "fort selkirk" by bradleyt from a blog titled "back down the dempster"  - "fort selkirk cabin" by bradleyt from a blog titled "back down the dempster"  - "school at fort selkirk" by hcb from a blog titled "yukon river trip"  - "kathleen lake" by eagle46 from a blog titled "border city"  - "kathleen lake cabin" by hcb from a blog titled "spring summer yukon style"  - "kathleen lake lodge" by lws68 from a blog titled "day 2, tok, alaska to haines junction, yukon"  - "kathleen lake kluane national park" by 2jgstl from a blog titled "hiking in the rain at kluane national park"  - "dempster highway" by pura-vida from a blog titled "somewhere nowhere..."  - "- poster for the beautiful dempster highway" by lobo from a blog titled "dempster highway - the essentials"  - "dawson city museum" by nocknock from a blog titled "dawson city, yukon, canada"  - "palace grand theatre" by jstephensca from a blog titled "a day of rest ????"  - "palace grand theatre" by 2jgstl from a blog titled "a day in dawson city"  - "palace grand theatre" by neeterb from a blog titled "around dawson city"  - "the palace grand theatre" by traicee from a blog titled "as far north as we're gonna get" yukon canada inuvik yukon slideshow yukon canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation slide show tour
nice video of whitehorse yukon from the air the city of whitehorse in the yukon territory on a beautiful july day. approaching from the north over the yukon river. great footage of a floatplane landing ahead of the camera plane. wilderness fishing yukon bernard stehelin yukon whitehorse yukon floatplane landing schwatka lake yukon river whitehorse cessna 180 wilderness city canadian wilderness
bren brenbeobachtung im norden des yukon territoriums bren yukon kanada canada bears bear bearcubs
fail la ronge sask img 21501
nightmare fishing tournament - a hell of a fishing hole nightmare fishing tournament is another fun and interesting game from suits n' nukes. in this game you are a recent addition to hell who has been entered in a fishing competition.    you can download it for free or pay what you want, if you have a few bucks to spare please consider sending the developer some:   subscribe to get updates!   or follow me on twitter or facebook, i post a link to every new video: twitter:  facebook:  let's play let's play video walkthrough video walkthrough gameplay playthrough nightmare fishing tournament gamejolt free paid fishing hell suits n' nukes suits and nukes
toilet fishing... my sister is fishing for gold fish crackers in the toilet. at the end our nana comes in and tells us to get out of there. series toilet fishing goldfish funny
dog walking in the yukon now this is real dog walking ! :)  montana mountain, near carcross, yukon, in the autumn. the dog is my three year old german shepherd brooke. montana mountain yukon carcross canada hike hiking beautiful landscape scenery scenic german shepherd dog gsd nature walk walking
adventures   bc & the yukon footage from our trip north to the gulf islands, the yukon and the canadian arctic, august 2011. adventure bc british columbia yukon north dempster camping dirt road ford fiesta kluane mountain hiking hike national park tourism bonobo ketto xx
lewes lake, yukon lewes lake is a unique spot a half-hour south of whitehorse yukon. partially drained by accident during construction of the wp&yr railway over a century ago, it now offers many acres of talcum-powder-fine glacial silt to play in. lewes lake yukon off-road offroad 4x4 chevy tracker ecosystem vehicle cars
donuts in the carcross desert the little man makes some donuts in the sand of the smallest  desert on world, on the carcross desert, yukon territory, canada carcross desert carcroos cariboo crossing yukon canada kanada donuts little swiss man atv quad suzuki lt 125 motor sports outdoor sports sand
black bears on the road to carcross, yukon territory, canada filmed august, 2008 by brad bowerman. geographyworldonline.com canada bear road yukon yukon terriory bowerman brad bowerman bears black bears
our changing homelands our changing lives the land that has sustained the vuntut gwitchin, people of the lakes, in the far north of yukon, canada, is undergoing rapid changes from global warming. this video takes you on a journey from nearly 20 years ago to the present with a community whose very survival is at risk. old crow climate change canada yukon arctic vuntut gwitchin
yukon river 2008  yukon river 2008
whitehorse. episode 2. yukon river. yukon river in whitehorse whitehorse yukon yukon river nature whitehorse
big salmon river (part 1 - starting the trip at quiet lake) a journey into the wild:  canoeing the big salmon river from quite lake to big salmon village (in august 2010)  part 1 - starting the trip at quite lake    due to a bunch of serious accidents, which happened this summer ...  please be advised:  although this movie might suggest that the big salmon/yukon river is a smooth family adventure:  this canoe trip is a serious wilderness adventure, which needs adequate equipment and solid preparation.  and most of all:  you will need very advanced outdoor experience and excellent paddling skills.  keep in mind: throughout the trip you are on your own! big salmon river canoe yukon quiet lake paddling wilderness canada kanu tour camping wildnis kanada wilderness outdoors nature
"toad river to watson lake" ranlo's photos around watson lake, canada (reviews muncho lake hotel) preview of ranlo's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  reviews muncho lake hotel toad river yukon wye lake ontario cottages toad river to fairbanks toad lake canada watson lake laird toad box blog wyelake forest ontario toad river to watson lake how far is toad river from watson lake toad river watson lake yukon canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
lakes and mountains in southern yukon this is a video of the lakes and mountains in the area south of whitehorse, yukon. yukon
high waters, terrace b.c. old skeena river bridge june 25/2012 violent currents
year on a yukon corner the images for this video came from the first webcam we installed in the yukon.  i waded through a year's worth of images and selected one from each day as close to 9:00 am as i could.  this is the result.  there was no logic behind the 9:00 am choice - i'm sure other time slots would have worked well also - but there are some interesting shots (even a couple of snow plows in the "right locations" to make it look like a couple of sequential shots although they're a day apart) and some beautiful skies.  one thing is for sure - it's easy to appreciate the long winters and short summers when you can watch the snow as part of the picture in one form or another from september until may... holloway bar time lapse gold mine yukon watson lake
big salmon river (part 2 - on the river) a journey into the wild: canoeing the big salmon river from quite lake to big salmon village (in august 2010) part  2 - on the river  due to a bunch of serious accidents, which happened this summer ... please be advised: although this movie might suggest that the big salmon/yukon river is a smooth family adventure: this canoe trip is a serious wilderness adventure, which needs adequate equipment and solid preparation. and most of all: you will need very advanced outdoor experience and excellent paddling skills. keep in mind: throughout the trip you are on your own! big salmon river canoe yukon quiet lake paddling wilderness canada kanu tour camping wildnis kanada nature wildlife outdoors
alaska hwy solo driving pt 4 (muncho lake) petite adventures with the whitecat and his lady driver / muncho lake / vancouver to arctic circle / sep.9.2008 fort nelson stone mountain toad river muncho lake liard alaska highway toyota rav4 4wd awd adventure road trip british columbia yukon north west territory wilderness driving drive canada woman alone lady solo driver
dogsledding in the yukon dogsledding in the wilderness of the true north - yukon, canada.   dog sledding yukon canada mushing winter wilderness husky
northport, pei - pleasure and fishing boats coming in from mackerel fishing ...  aug. 2010 fishing mackerel northport pei pei boats
governors resort with the fishing musicians glen visit one of his favorite location in the apalachian mountain region of new brunswick , canada. governors resort skidoo snowmobile newbrunswick white gold bathurst fishing glenferguson apalachianmountains mountcarlet
"watson lake, yukon, canada" nocknock's photos around watson lake, canada (watson lake yt hotels) preview of nocknock's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  watson lake yukon rv parks watson lake yukon watson lake canada watson lake yt hotels laird lake yukon watson lake yukon canada watson lake trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
northern lights over takhini river lodge takhini river lodge is an elegant accommodation located in the remote yukon, canada. takhini river lodge also offers a wide range of on site activities.  accomodation lodge b&b inn dogsledding northern lights aurora boralis yukon whitehorse spa hot tub jacuzzi room bath
hypnotist rocks whitehorse yukon day 18 -- music by: gee   hadlen is a hypnotist, magician, mentalist, and speaker and he presents "hypnotist rocks whitehorse yukon"  -------------------------------- description --------------------------------  in this episode i perform magic and my comedy hypnosis show for the grads in whitehorse!   filmed in whitehorse, yukon, canada in 2016.  -------------------------------- subscribe --------------------------------  new videos every day!  -------------------------------- can you hadlen more? --------------------------------  daily magic on snapchat:  facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  periscope:  website:  google+:    -------------------------------- hadlen's po box --------------------------------  p.o. box 7175 saskatoon, saskatchewan, canada s7k 4j2 hadlen magic hypnosis magician hypnotist hypnotize hypnotise illusion illusionist mentalist entertainer speaker yxe saskatoon stoon sask sk saskatchewan vlog vlogs vlogger vloggers dailyvlog dailyvlogger daily yqr canada canadian episode 18 gee soropia whitehorse yukon yxy
maine vacation rental swimming fishing  lake home .wmv rent memory cove lakeside retreat this summer! vacation fishing maine rental swimming boating viral off-road vehicles garderning tourism
yukon: greater than life - kings throne kings throne over looking kathleen lake (lac kathleen)...few shots showing different scenery in the evening and early the next morning......smiles..:)    note: there is an error on the spelling....should be "dusk" and not "dust"..sorry for that..:) kings throne yukon haines junction yukon greater than life nature meditation relaxation
drags watson lake 2010 watson lake, yukon drags 2010 snowmobile watson lake yukon drags race sledding snow winter sports winter
yukon winter at canyon meadow wilderness hermitage lama karma tsundulp lodro's photographic memento of a winter meditation retreat in the wilderness of yukon's boreal forest.  northern lights.  snow-draped mountains.  cosy log cabins.  diamond-spangled frost.  winter's sparkling radiance.  music is bruce cockburn's evocative instrumental, "the end of all rivers", purchased from itunes. (bruce cockburn copyright)  photographs photos yukon boreal forest canadian wilderness northern lights aurora borealis winter log cabins
cwg pan northern torch relay teslin, yukon - september 15, 2006 the yukon torch visits teslin, yukon on september 15, 2006 as part of the canada winter games pan northern torch relay. the torch was carved by shane wilson from caribou antler. antler raven canada caribou carving games northern yukon pan polar relay teslin shane torch wilson winter
yukon paragliding (paramotor) flying my paraglider paramotor in whitehorse area. paragliding with a fan on my back... paramotor takini yukon paragliding
the north travels in alaska, the yukon, the northwest territories and british columbia (2009). wildlife, landscapes and some commentary... yukon alaska northwest territiories british columbia bears grizzly wolf dempster tombstone denali
yukon - interaktiver routen planer interaktiver routen planer fr yukon reisende,  yukon alaska highway alaska yukon river klondike goldraush kluane park dawson city whitehorse haines junction wohnmobil reisen kanada
big salmon river (part 5 - the seminof hills) a journey into the wild:  canoeing the big salmon river from quite lake to big salmon village (in august 2010)  final part 5 - the seminof hills  -----------  please check out the sequel as well:  canoeing the yukon river - a journey into the wild (part 1 and 2) (on youtube)  ------------- big salmon river canoe yukon quiet lake paddling wilderness canada kanu tour camping wildnis kanada kayak wilderness
yukon river quest 2008 - kisseynew leaving carmacks team kisseynew and the texans leaving the carmacks checkpoint at the yukon river quest 2008. kisseynew yukon river quest
five mile lake campground, yukon, kanada fahrt ber den campingplatz.    canada (country) campground campingplatz camping (literature subject) sk touristik yukon campsite (accommodation type)
evening on the yukon river evening on the yukon river yukon aalska shcheglov yury
smithers bc to  mine in yukon .wmv hauling a load of steel from smithers bc to 190km north of watson lk yt smithers bandstra hwy37 bell2 dease watson wolverine yukon
yukon greater than life: spring along yukon river few shots of the ice break up along the yukon river...enjoy..:) meditation relaxation yukon greater than life whitehorse nature yukon
super hoops final minute whitehorse, yukon varsity basketball game super hoops final minute whitehorse yukon varsity basketball game
artists against art there are many artists in the yukon territory that are for the arts funding cuts. they just make sense. we don't need government money! we don't need art!    disagree? well there is that all candidates debate september 30th at the old firehall. i suppose you could vocalise your opposition there. i assure you, the artists against art will be there in full force! arts canada funding government yukon
north fork flathead river, schnaus cabin nfs fishing access site, polebridge, montana  north fork flathead river schnaus cabin fishing access site polebridge montana nfs
shipyard island 2007 a group of volunteers take some hitech lidar survey equipment into the yukon wilderness to document an old yukon river sternwheeler - the norcom evelyn. the vessel sits derelict on a remote island in the middle of the yukon river.  the efforts of the work party have produced a detailed 3 dimensional scan of the entire hull and superstructure. shipyard island 2007 yukon sternwheeler paddlewheeler norcom evelyn lidar remote archeology history
driving on hwy 37 driving on highway 37 in northern british columbia/southern yukon highway 37 hwy 37 yukon british columbia bc canada road trip alaska hwy
2012 annual yukon sourdough rendezvous bushman handsaw challenge few clips during the long weekend in whitehorse, yukon, canada. yukon
elks at yukon wildlife preserve  elk yukon hirsch
five finger rapids - yukon five finger rapids in the yukon. five finger rapids yukon rv travel adventure derek macphail
bonnet plume river expedition a canoe journey on one of the yukon's most remote and breathtaking rivers. see more at  yukon bonnet plume peel watershed wind river snake river nahanni river mountain river ruby range adventure canoe yukon canoe adventure canoe tour yukon wilderness
mount maichen ironman 2011 ironman race at the 1st mount maichen madness hill climb in watson lake 2011. snowmobile watson lake yukon drags race sledding snow winter sports winter skiing
the best epoxy resin for fishing lures! artresin does not yellow!  seriously.  no voc's and no odor.  1:1 mixing ratio, excellent bubble release and the hardener is as clear as water - and doesn't yellow in the bottle either like all the other.  super durable. artresin davezak dave zak raising creativity burlington the orchard rebecca phd zoe fishing lure tackle resin epoxy non yellowing
dolomedes tenebrosus - brownish grey fishing spider hd brownish-grey fishing spider (dolomedes tenebrosus)  feeding video and hand held pictures.   all video and pictures were shot by me.    makes for an awesome pet. much different than holding a tarantula, these may not be as big. but they are big, and extremely fast. let this thing run up your arm   :)    video cam:  panasonic sd60    camera d-slr:  canon 450d rebel xsi dolomedes tenebrosus brownish grey fishing spider huge eating panasonic sd60 canon 450d hd
crossing bullion creek crossing bullion creek, near the start of the slims river west trail in the yukon's kluane national park hiking kluane national park yukon slims river west trail creek crossing
schwarzbr im yukon kanada  bei mayo /  black bear in yukon canada near mayo / silver trail schwarzbr im yukon kanada  bei mayo /  black bear in yukon canada near mayo / silver trail schwarzbr schwarzbren br bren kanada yukon silver trail silver trail natur wildtiere tiere tierwelt
coyote from yukon coyotes are very shy animals. this young coyote was spotted from the car when travelling from whitehorse in july 2007 coyote wildlife animals selfcreative whitehorse yukon canada
"whitehorse to watson lake, yukon" scoonpooh's photos around watson lake, canada (small camper) preview of scoonpooh's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  whitehorse to watson lake watson lake to whitehorse watson lake yukon whitehorse watson lake watson lake whitehorse whitehorse to watson outdoor shop whitehorse edmonton to whitehorse blog small camper whitehorse watson lake yukon watson lake canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
"whitehorse, yukon, canada" nocknock's photos around whitehorse, canada (whitehorse town pic s) preview of nocknock's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  bald eagles nesting in whitehorse videos moose skat whitehorse canada wildlife bird watcher whitehorse yukon whitehorse town pic s alaska highway swim team cinnamon buns in rancheria yukon whitehorse yukon cinnamon roll family services centers in yukon canada yukon travellers comments whitehorse canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
roger's ice hut.wmv this ice shack was rogers project for the best part of a year. it is built from two double track 640 skidoo's welded together for the base, and the top is all welded aluminum frame and riveted aluminum sheeting,insulated with a propane heater. snowmobile skidoo fishing mobile ice hut ice shack rogers ice hut rogers ice shack winter sports amazing winter vehicle snow mobile skidoo walleye fishing
the chev got stuck, and stuck and stuck worse pulling out the truck on lake winnipeg ice fishing lake winnipeg manitoba chevy 4x4 stuck truck offroad
"j'ai poigne une gros poisson" performed by the blazing elwoods the blazing elwoods perform "j'ai poignee un gros poisson" at the 2014 rubber boots festival, in noelville...  edouard landry, lead guitar....chris leblanc, acoustic guitar... peter learn, piano...marc donato, mandolin... matt foy, drums... brent wohlberg, bass and vox ice fishing doree the blazing elwoods french song brent wohlberg chanson repondre j'ai poignee un gros poison
ookpik waltz cover by clay barker, 2008 based on an inuit melody, written by frankie rodgers  filmed on location at chicken ear studio, beekersville. inuit arctic tundra ice fishing seal fiddle olde tyme fiddle fiddling burford ontario canada brant county
small hydro electric generation site canada  hydro relax water stream canada
first atv ride out on the lake - dec. 7, 2014 teespring t-shirt campaign link:  ends monday december 15th!  finally got out for a ride....it's been awhile!! took the grizzly and kodiak for a rip out on the lake. the ice appears to be anywhere from 10-18 inches thick already and it isn't even officially winter yet!  as usual the first winter ride we had a few technical difficulties with the camera and mic's but not too bad.    if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter:   you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our new faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:               you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo      background music is downloaded from   title:fight the sea author:josh woodward under the creative commons license   youtube audio library title:this old man (instrumental) author:the green orbs snow yamaha grizzly kodiak atv all-terrain vehicle (product category) lake quad ice frozen ride fishing cubbeezx cubbee ck ice road trails winter 4 wheeler outdoor recreation kimpex atv riding off road 4x4 go pro vlogging helmet cam sena bluetooth helmet atv fun adventure ice fishing wheelie funny video blog (website category) camera honda drifting donuts lake ride tshirt teespring
spring is in the air - ice road crossing - mar. 14, 2015 just a quick clip to show you what a difference a week makes.  took the xterra across the local ice road but it was looking pretty sketchy with all the water on it.  still probably 3 or 4 feet of ice underneath the water but it is starting to get scary looking! if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an "add" to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter:   you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our new faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:                 you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo     ice road cubbeezx ice dryden ontario wabigoon lake spring snow fishing ice shacks ice fishing winter fun melting water lake sunset country winter fun canada cold cubbee ck
grizzly 700 & outlander 1000 - last atv track ride of the season - mar. 22, 2015 the snow was melting slowly and i guess this did turn out to be the last track ride of the season. still some snow left around though and the lakes still have a few feet of ice on them so it may take awhile for that to melt!  i guess spring will get here eventually.  if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter:   you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our new faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:                 you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo     all-terrain vehicle (product category) yamaha quad can-am outlander 1000 grizzly 700 snow tracks tracking winter ice lake fishing nature river cubbeezx cubbee ck atv kimpex commander all season tracks ontario canada 4 wheeler brp xt 1000 atv adventure horsepower atv riding frozen lake ice fishing winter fun atv fun
veloster on a lake (ice and snow) check out my veloster videos, pictures and opinions at   i drove out to gimli and could not resist taking my new hyundai veloster right out on to the ice of lake winnipeg.  the weather was sunny and and just below freezing,, perfect for ice fishing. i have always wanted to try ice racing and the winnipeg sports car club is scheduled to ice race on march 2,2012 at gimli,, but i would have to buy a cheap used car for that.    sorry there is no drifting,, there was way too much snow on the ice that i was likely to get stuck in the middle of the lake with no tow truck service.    here are some pictures showing some of the setups i used make my veloster videos.   the music is a studio recording by gord houghton an indy artist from winnipeg.  this track called "biography" is from one of his bands "symington yard" i used with his written permission in exchange for giving him credit here.  gord is supremely talented and should be making a good living from music.  checkout this live open mic:                 veloster    .   , ,  .             3  2,2012    ,      .  as of march 2013 its my second winter driving in winnipeg, mainly city driving on all season tires.  overall i'm impressed with the traction control and even driving pretty aggressively i have only lost control once by suddenly deciding to turn causing a sideways slid before recovering with no collision.  i had planned on buying winter tires by now, but money always ends up getting spent on something else.  if i was doing more highway winter driving i definitely would have bought them by now.  in deep snow i have been stuck, but even a police car got stuck on one of those days.  i keep a small shovel and used it twice each winter.  some people will buy an suv just thinking they are better in winter,, but they are no safer being so high,, hitting the ditch they are more likely to role and to me an suv is just a taller station wagon.  suvs, station wagons and minivans still make me cringe veloster hyundai hyundai veloster ice fishing gimli manitoba winter lake winnipeg auto  usa north america korea south korea  review veloster review test drive awesome united states toronto europe cars no drifting       snow
the lower grand river flooding at fishmasters february 14th, 2009 the water was flowing hard and fast overnight.  with an ice jam holding back the flow at port maitland, it didn't take long for the levels to rise... thankfully we are high and dry however the water has taken over a better part of our driveway... some on the river side of dunnville and broad street didn't fare so well... thanks go out to the fire and police departments for doing a great job and checking in on us on a regular basis! dunnville flooding fishmasters ice fishing grand river lower grand river
hatchet lake lodge 2014 another great trip into canada to go fishing for big northern pike, lake trout, walleye, and grayling with great friends!  you won't fine a better place to go fishing.  just watch the video and you'll see why!!! hatchet lake lodge northern pike walleye fishing northern lights
flag day the most canadian thing you might see for a while.  photos in slide show at the end are all taken within the last couple months by:    and myself. canada flag day (holiday) coffee and donuts drifting 6.0l ford f350 2006 2015 canadian ice fishing skating snowshoeing fort mcmurray (city/town/village) northwest territories (canadian territory) alberta projector snow sculpture arctic gregoire lake provincial park gregoire lake off-road vehicle (automotive class) 4x4 ginger crazy nuts holiday splitting wood ricoh (business operation) polarizer
ice driving subaru impreza this is how i warm up the car after ice fishing.  driving my impreza outback sport on ice is a blast.  the ice is about 18 inches, and the water around 20 feet.  large trucks are driving on the lake so i feel my little car should be fine.  the first thing to do when driving on ice is to roll down the windows and take off your seat belt. subaru impreza driving ice fishing
lake of bays, muskoka on a the beautiful february long weekend! enjoy!!! wow - what a fabulous day on lake of bays, muskoka! sun is shining, snow is perfect  & the lake is amazing for a great snowmobile ride. the villages of dorset, baysville and dwight are all busy with sleds, skaters, skiers and ice fishing! outdoor festivals around the lake this weekend and next. enjoy, -- ride safe. dorset dwight baysville muskoka snowmobiling snowmobile lake of bays (lake) lake of bays ontario (city/town/village) ice fishing
legendary lac la ronge lightning lightning storm across hunter bay on lac la ronge. fishing (tv genre) saskatchewan (canadian province) canada (country) la ronge (city/town/village) lac la ronge (lake) lightning (cause of death) pickerel bay pickeral bay pickerel bay cabins
harlem shake: moosehead lake, maine edition this is our version of the harlem shake at our annual moosehead lake ice fishing trip. harlem shake moose moosehead lake ice fishing dancing
trange perdrix / strange partridge voici un petit comportement trange film dune perdrix qui se roule dans la poussire!  pour vous inscrire  ma chaine youtube et tre avertie lors de nouvelle vido seront publi cliqu ici:   here's a little strange behavior filmed of a partridge that rolls them self in the dust!  to find out when the video will be available , please subscribe to my youtube channel here :   -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- please watch: "chasse  l'orignal - moose hunting - o'brien's moose adventure 2016"   -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- chasse orignal chasse et peche nb saint-quentin nouveau-brunswick ours noir perdrix pche blanche ice fishing marcel ct aventure de belle randonne partridge strange bisard trange mont carleton restigouche new-brunswick provincial park parc provincial trange perdrix / strange partridge
mnr four wheeler pulled out of ice on lake st.clair ice fishing out of st. lukes bay some time during january 2013 we watched this officer go straight through the ice after checking us. nmr dnr officer four wheeler quad ice fall through ontario lake stclair st clair atv atv ice ice fishing st lukes lake st clair fishing lake st clair fishing st lukes bass haven ministry of natural resources ice fishing lake st clair thin ice
boundary waters lake-shore rental cottages, nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters gunflint trail mn boundary waters lake-shore rental cottages, nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters gunflint trail mn your lakeshore cabin is waiting on you!  call today 1-800-992-4386 reserve your quiet lake-shore cabin on the edge of the bwca, boundary waters canoe area. have fun fishing, boating, hiking, and fishing... and more fishing. (did we mention fishing?) or you can simply lie around in the sun. and dogs are welcome in all lakeshore rental cabins too!   rental canoes and outfitting available!  nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters,  7778 gunflint trail grand marais,  minnesota 55604 call us now!  1-800-992-4fun (386)  video production by 7trillion corporation  boundary waters lake-shore rental cottages nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters bwca mn quiet lake shore cabin boundary waters nor'wester lodge your lake shore cabin is waiting on you lakeside cabin and villa sandy swimming beach lake side rv campground walleye fishing smallmouth bass fishing hiking  camping 7trillionvideos.com retsew'nor egdol
ice swimming in canada canadians bath in ice water canadian winter ice ice fishing eh team a team crazy frozen fun funny bear lake canada bathing swimming long johns cold swimming (sport) snow diving water pool underwater toronto fish storm vancouver montreal ontario day patrol shark dolphin chasing michigan snow day blizzard snowball cars snowy snow patrol weather ottawa columbia calgary alberta winnipeg edmonton chasing cars ottawa renegades freezing ice swimming ice swimming in canada december
lake shore rental cabin, nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters bwca mn lake shore rental cabin, nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters bwca mn  book your lakeside cabin now!   or call 1-800-992-4386  nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters has been one of the most unforgettable northern minnesota vacation spots for over 80 years. located on the historic gunflint trail right on the shore of poplar lake, nor'wester lodge is surrounded by the boundary waters canoe area wilderness (bwcaw) and superior national forest.  we offer a sandy swimming beach, lake side rv campground, walleye fishing, smallmouth bass fishing, hunting and hiking! your lakeshore cabin awaits you!  nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters 7778 gunflint trail grand marais, minnesota 55604 call us now! 1-800-992-4fun (386)  video production by 7trillion corporation  your lake shore rental cabin awaits you nor'wester lodge & canoe outfitters bwca mn quiet lake shore cabin boundary waters nor'wester lodge lakeside cabin and villa sandy swimming beach lake side rv campground walleye fishing smallmouth bass fishing hiking  camping 7trillionvideos.com retsew'nor egdol
building a shock absorbing snowmobile hitch for the ice hut a little sunday afternoon fun in the shop; building a new hitch for our ice fishing hut. ice fishing ice fishing hut hitch ice hut hitch snowmobile ice hut hitch welding flux core workshop
a warm winters day on side lake unseasonably warm weather had us itchin' to get outside and enjoy it so we grabbed the dog and the phantom and went looking for something new to video and ended up here! some folks out ice fishing, others on snowmobiles, and one guy with a drone. lunch at bimbo's was excellent as usual!unseasonably warm weather had us itchin' to get outside and enjoy it so we grabbed the dog and the phantom and went looking for something new to video and ended up here! some folks out ice fishing, others on snowmobiles, and one guy with a drone. lunch at bimbo's was excellent as usual! dji phantom hibbing drone iron range minnesota snow ice fishing ice road bimbos bimbo's p4pro phantom 4 pro
pulling an atv out of lake winnipeg that went through the ice 2003 arctic cat 4x4 400cc quading on lake winnipeg and broke through the ice. quad floated upside down tires up exposed in the water. lassoed the wheel and then the hitch.    pulled it out using a combo of 4 recovery straps and a 10,000 pound winch mounted to the front of a 9000 pound diesel ford excursion.  lesson learned. even though the majority of the lake was clear ice and 4ft thick. there was still thin ice. ice (ingredient) lake (geographical feature category) through canada lake winnipeg (lake) forzen fell through into broke ice fishing ice fishing atv quad 4x4 four-wheel drive (mass transportation system) all-terrain vehicle (product category) danger thin ice how to recover recovery water tow fell through the ice remove removal stuck hillside beach rural municipality of victoria beach (location) safely safe arctic cat f150. excursion
piper cherokee  "annual test flight"  vlog #111 after my yearly annual i still needed to perform a test flight, however weather kept me from doing so.  a few weeks later i finally accomplished it and all went very well.  music courtesy of the you tube audio library  8bit dungeon boss - video classica by kevin macleod is licensed under a creative commons attribution licence ( source:  artist:   acoustic guitar 1 by audionautix is licensed under a creative commons attribution licence ( artist:   above it all by  jingle punks piper aircraft cherokee 140 test flight general aviation flying alberta cayley cayley/a. j. flying ranch airport battery instalation ice fishing rocky mountains virb camera pilot
piper cherokee "annual test flight" (wrap up flight) vlog #112 this is the part where i finally get the aircraft airborne for about an hour of absolute bliss....nice to get back up to enjoy the freedom of flight.  music courtesy of the you tube audio library  the engagement by silent partner as we go by     the 126ers atlanta by             jingle punks amazing plan - silent film dark by kevin macleod is licensed under a creative commons attribution licence ( source:  artist:   and also courtesy of:   a new day    by      scott holmes piper aircraft piper cherokee 140 general aviation pilot grass route flying alberta rocky mountains canada aircraft maintenance ice fishing chain lakes alberta aircraft instruments
wingsuite innisfail (:  wingsuite innisfail skydive fallschirmspringen wingsuit flying
shanty town is down by 'da mill, bathurst - the fishing musicians wild pitch band featuring curtis hachey, brian kenny and glen ferguson fish 'shanty town' in bathurst, new brunswick.  thorpe gagnon is today's smelt shanty manager. ice fishing for smelt. justin beiber was unable to attend. glen ferguson curtis hachey brian kenny ice fishing bathurst new brunswick fishing funny winter adventure tourism the fishing musicians musician (project role)
cwg pan northern torch relay deep creek, lake laberge, yukon - june 10, 2006 the yukon torch visits deep creek, lake laberge, yukon on june 10, 2006 as part of the canada winter games pan northern torch relay. the torch was carved by shane wilson from caribou antler. antler raven canada caribou carving games northern yukon pan polar deep creek lake laberge relay shane torch wilson winter
2006 - canoeing the yukon river a drive to the yukon & back, including a canoe trip from whitehorse to dawson city on august 12-27, 2006 yukon river canoe paddle whitehorse dawson carmacks alcan al-can hyder cassiar cassier klondike mongo1982
2012 alsek river adventure the mighty alsek river, from its start at the confluence of the dezadeash and kaskawulsh rivers in yukon, canada, through a corner of british columbia, to dry bay at the ocean in alaska! fifteen friends, 4 rafts, and 9 days on the river. weather, food, scenery and wildlife were all spectacular.  scenes in the intro are in the approximate order that we encountered them. then we begin the trip, starting in juneau, alaska, with a ferry ride to haines. hang on for the ride...  thanks for the great trip, joe! alsek raft rafting river bears water alaska yukon bear
perfect skating on windy arm, tagish lake, yukon absolutely perfect ice skating on windy arm of tagish lake. december 21st, 2011. ice skating ice skating outdoors outdoor sports yukon tagish windy arm windy arm wilderness perfection
alcan 1965 a roy wikman adventure tour go from portland oregon all the way to the yukon on this dust filled north american road trip in a vw microvan. we reach the top of the world highway. alcan tourism (industry) whitehorse yukon dawson canada oegon wikman adventure vancouver vw microvan eat dust gold dredge gold bonanza creek robert service action top of the world highway 1965 quest
sandilands manitoba oct 15th  2012 sandilands manitoba oct 15th  2012 and lots of down trees! video was taken on trail 17 sandilands manitoba oct 15th 2012 and lots of down trees! was 1ft snow hunting quading atv dirtbike richer ross marchand mb sandilands provincial forest health (industry) jan canada dec feb nov toronto aug sep vancouver montreal kiss automobile (tv genre) ontario quad jul apr motocross may yamaha cross vid00003 mar honda jun motorcycle (automotive class) auto racing (sport) winter sport (media genre) motorsport (film genre)
dog mushin' in the yukon - silent film yukon slim aka (brandon isaak) heads out on a gruelling dog mushing race across the mighty yukon that has claimed the life of many a man and his best friend. filmed around the turn of the century, this old classic from the vault was thought to be lost, but this historic footage was found in charlie chaplin's personal collection and posted to youtube for your enjoyment. silent film silent movie documentry dog race dog mushing yukon the quest brandon isaak yukon slim redemption guitars blues guitar acoustic blues charlie chaplin whitehorse modern primitive productions black and white 1905 huskys dog team frank turner muktuk adventures dog sled dog sleigh vintage turn of the century bluesman's plea
another day in paradise white pass & yukon route  railroad  skagway, alaska.  i've been a gandy dancer (trackman) for the wp&yr railroad for 10 yrs now. on most days i see bear and occasionally moose. i have lots more video, so stay tuned... i love my job and i love life! alaska railroads trains white pass yukon route railroad wp&yr
"sawmill on wheels" for hire-portable sawmill portable sawmill, wood-mizer lt 40 hd with debarker, efi gas engine 29 hp, hydraulic log loader / -clamps /-log turner, up north60, yukon canada, custom sawing, sawing at your site, selling lumber, from timber to lumber portable sawmill up north60 yukon canada custom sawing 2 cylinder v -engine from timber to lumber selling lumber custom sawing sawyer sawing at your site from timber to lumber wood mizer hydraulic professionell sawmill kohler gas v -engine whitehorse yukon haines junction sawmill on wheels for hire for hire mobile sawmill wood-mizer woodmizer mizer beaver creek burwash landing destruction bay carmacks mendenhall
explore secret waterways | beaver river tour on a secret waterway in yukon, canada: the beaver river.  more at  beaver river yukon canada secret waterway nature wildlife pristine wildernes
yukon river - a journey into the wild (part 2: final stretch to carmacks) a journey into the wild:  canoeing theyukon river from big salmon village to carmacks (in august 2010)  part 2: final stretch to carmacks  (this is a sequel to my other series: canoeing the big salmon river, parts 1 to 5) yukon river big salmon canoe quiet lake paddling carmacks wilderness canada kanu tour camping wildnis kanada
yukon sup 460km stand up paddling on the yukon river from carmacks to dawson city stand up paddling sup airboard yukon yukon river carmacks dawson city (city/town/village) standup paddleboarding (sport)
yukon short  yukon short
cwg pan northern torch relay ross river, yukon - july 1, 2006 the yukon torch visits ross river, yukon on july 1, 2006 as part of the canada winter games pan northern torch relay. the torch was carved by shane wilson from caribou antler. antler raven canada caribou carving games northern yukon pan polar ross river relay shane torch wilson winter
miles canyon paddle whitehorse, yukon in double easy rider seaeagle kayaks yukon whitehorse kayak juneau miles canyon
tagish wilderness lodge an unforgettable visit to the wild canadian yukon yukon tagish
yukon river - a journey into the wild (part 1: the big river) a journey into the wild:  canoeing theyukon river from big salmon village to carmacks (in august 2010)  part 1: the big river  (this is a sequel to my other series: canoeing the big salmon river, parts 1 to 5)    due to a bunch of serious accidents, which happened this summer ...  please be advised:  although this movie might suggest that the big salmon/yukon river is a smooth family adventure:  this canoe trip is a serious wilderness adventure, which needs adequate equipment and solid preparation.  and most of all:  you will need very advanced outdoor experience and excellent paddling skills.  keep in mind: throughout the trip you are on your own! yukon river big salmon canoe quiet lake paddling carmacks wilderness canada kanu tour camping wildnis kanada
in the days of the river boats digitized from a vhs copy of a national film board 1981 short film "in the days of the river boats" on transportation in the yukon during the early days of the 20th century depicting a part of canadian history few know.  this video does not appear in the nfb library, not get any results on google, yet depitcs a part of canada's history that should not be forgotten.  this video will be removed if requested by whoever own rights to it. canada yukon documentary (tv genre) history paddle steamer (means of propulsion) trains gold rush yukon river (river) dawson city (city/town/village) whitehorse (city/town/village)
"whitehorse, yukon" jstephensca's photos around whitehorse, canada (motorcycle yukon travel blog) preview of jstephensca's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  whitehorse yukon fishing mighty moe yukon motorcycle yukon travel blog whitehorse yukon tourist blog whitehorse yukon reservoir 902887200 founding of whitehorse yukon sternwheeler roadhouse inn whitehorse whitehorse canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
kathleen lake campground, kluane national park, yukon, canada very nice parks canada campground at kluane national park, yukon, canada. great fire circle. can be windy. late light out in june. sunset at 1143 pm on the summer solstice. it doesn't get dark here in june. kluane national park kathleen lake camp campground yukon haines alaska highway summer solstice canada parks canada
thunder egg gulch mystery tombstone tv looks at the mystery of thunder eggs in thunder egg gulch, near haines junction, yukon.  is it possible it is all related to fred flintstone? they continue to "dig up" more evidence. tombstone tv yukon fred flintstone haines junction thunder egg gulch
bobbi soxx part 5 the wakadoodle winkerbean heavy metal fishing show bobbi soxx performing intelli-studio funky winkerbean (comic strip) metal heavy fishing power michigan heavy metal catch rapids city bass river drum and bass (musical genre) trout salmon northern
nh c trong cng vin yn s th  h ni fishing written by: tonyduytran hosted by: tonyduytran g+  twitter:  please subscribe free  subscribe for daily news updates and discussion plus weekly podcasts and more! rooster tv news technology entertainment news nh c nh li bt c cu c fishing
yukon: greater than life - scenery along million dollar fall few scenery shots along haines junction towards million dollar fall. spend a weekend out camping along the area. i hope you will enjoy the natural surroundings through my eyes. 2011 yukon canada haines junction nature meditation reflection million dollar fall waterfall
sask mcgee a visual treatment of robert service's "the cremation of sam mcgee" for a class assignment    link to poem:  poetry robert service poem canada saskatchewan movie yukon
skating on tagish lake is there anything better than going for a long skate with your daughter on a gorgeous lake? december 19, 2011 alaska yukon skating hockey
carcross #1 good times in the yukon, so many amazing trails i cannot recall the names. mt biking yukon boreale mountain carcross
a fossiled life (2007) a fossiled life, set in teslin, yukon is a short fiction film that portrays a young man's struggle to connect the contemporary world he lives in with traditional ways.    clayton carlick is 26 years old and is from atlin, b.c. he joined the our world workshop in teslin, yukon in 2008 and was the only one to shoot live action. he wrote his script in a day. he directed, shot, edited and starred in his film. he is a member of the taku river tlingits, and is of the deshitaan clan. tlingit first nation indian culture a fossiled life clayton carlick teslin yukon inland atlin british columbia short film beaver nfb national film board of canada taku river our world regent park film festival toronto native american cute kitten animal atlin photography life (film)
beauty and concern on dezadeash lake. observing changes to the surrounding forest, brought on by climate change. matthew lien yukon climate change global warming
"just what the doctor ordered" wmaxtman's photos around watson lake, canada (carolyn garceau) preview of wmaxtman's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  watson lake yukon computer carolyn garceau just what doctor ordered watson lake yukon canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
risky walk of grizzly on tagish lake on may 5th. 2008 this young grizzly walked around the still frozen tagish lake in the yukon, canada and returned safely to the shore. tagish grizzly frozen lake yukon canada
off road in the snow, glenwood, newfoundland in on the trails, in my truck gmc sierra 2500 hd 4x4 off road snow muddin 6.0 truck
log cabin, fishing, moving, family & guest vloggers | camping day #2 | july 23, 2013 join the dykstra's as we camp for a second day as lilly and ivy go to the log cabin, my sister bo comes with his kids, mom and dad fish. i tag along and my dad and lilly both guest vlog  royalty free music courtesy of  song used "flip side" copyright info:   date sound bite used without permission of lifeburry youtube:  youtube:   custom intro theme made & provided by katrina james youtube:  website:  facebook:  twitter:   for more of my work... please subscribe:  vlogs:  more:  shows:  family:  portfolio:   find me on the web website:  blog:  tumblr:  e-mail: iphone@mjsiebolt.tv  facebook:  twitter:  google plus:   viddy:  keek:  vine:  flickr:  mjsiebolt matthewdykstraca sieboltdykstra matthew dykstra durham oshawa siebolt m.j. mj icat icatt toronto gta vlog vlogging vlogger vlogs blog blogger blogs video blogging mjsiebolt.com matthewdykstra.com camping (taxonomy subject) video blog (industry) canada july ontario darlington provincial park camping camp camps fishing log cabin campsite (accommodation type) holiday summer camp fire moving fun family weekend survival
nh c  cng vin yn s h ni fishing   ------- tri nghim cuc sng cm n cc bn  ch  theo di hy nhn nt ng k (subscribe)  nhn nhng video mi nht ca chng ti, nhn like  ng h tc gi v pht trin knh. chng ti v cng bit n vic lm  ca qu v!  thank you for watching!  subscribe for trai nghiem cuoc song please! tri nghim cuc sng trai nghiem cuoc song trainghiemcuocsongtv tran van duy nh c nh li bt c cu c fishing
"fort nelson, bc to liard hot springs" kayaker902's photos around liard hot springs, canada preview of kayaker902's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  liard hot springs distance fort nelson to skagway natural stone hot springs bc in the wild liard hot springs canada nelson hot springs bc nelson canada hot springs nelson hot springs find hiden hot springs in nelson bc how to get to the natural hot springs in nelson bc fort nelson to liard hot springs fort nelson liard watson lake yukon canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
michael's meanderings - skating windy arm skating across windy arm, tagish lake, yukon in december 2011.   michaels meanderings skating windy arm tagish lake yukon michaelsmeanderings.com
our trip to haines junction and kathleen lake **watch in hd!!**  jorge and i decided to celebrate our 11th month of marriage by driving out to haines junction to see kathleen lake for the first time. we were not disappointed.  this is just a very short clip of jorge and i's evening adventure. you gotta love summers here in the yukon. we arrived home at 12am and there was still light out. crazy!  follow me:  instagram:   twitter:         snapchat:    @corinthsuarez website:           follow my husband:  instagram:  snapchat: @jorgesuarez  camera: iphone 5s canon eos 7d + kit lens and sigma 18-35mm f1.8  music:  hold on to you - one hundred years (  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  purse: forever 21 romper: forever 21 plaid shirt: walmart hat: walmart sandals: boardstiff corinth explorewithcorinth corinth suarez kathleen lake haines junction (city/town/village) road canada explorecanada exploreyukon yukon road trip explore canada travel yukon
whitehorse, yukon, canada and surroundings traveler photos - tripadvisor tripwow  - tour of whitehorse, canada created at tripwow by travelpod (a tripadvisor company)    tripadvisor tripwow slideshow of whitehorse by travelpod.    cities visited on this trip:  - whitehorse, yukon, canada    photos in this video:  - "the old log church" by eagle46 from a blog titled "around whitehorse"  - "old log church - 1900" by bwalser from a blog titled "june 13 watson lake to whitehorse, yukon"  - "front of old log church" by eagle46 from a blog titled "whitehorse"  - "the alter in the old log church" by eagle46 from a blog titled "around whitehorse"  - "panorama of the yukon river on the klondike hwy." by scoonpooh from a blog titled "dawson city to whitehorse, yukon"  - "driving alongside a lake on the klondike #2" by scoonpooh from a blog titled "dawson city to whitehorse, yukon"  - "so many salmon you could walk across them" by elopfamily from a blog titled "back in whitehorse..."  - "mount billy mitchell, richardson highway" by elopfamily from a blog titled "back in whitehorse..."  - "one of the symbols of the tlingit people" by scoonpooh from a blog titled "teslin to whitehorse"  - "- the everpresent memory of the klondike" by lobo from a blog titled "whitehorse:  robert j. sawyer: mr. science fiction"  - "lou and lynn loved the sign post forest" by jennykelly from a blog titled ""g'day macka" australia all over"  - "b young male bear eating fresh salmon" by traicee from a blog titled "in the territories now"  - "- on the way back to alaska highway" by lobo from a blog titled "whitehorse - frank turner and the yukon quest"  - "connie is just overcome with emotion," by techride from a blog titled "whitehorse, day 13"  - "keystone canyon, near valdez, alaska" by elopfamily from a blog titled "back in whitehorse..."  - "lynn riding into the woods for lunch" by jennykelly from a blog titled ""g'day macka" australia all over"  - "art and sasquatch at rancheria falls" by nocknock from a blog titled "whitehorse, yukon, canada"  - "kluane mountains in the distance" by nwtmike from a blog titled "motorcycle mikey's great northern adventure"  - "paragliding above little atlin lake" by bradleyt from a blog titled "north of sixty (kicking it cbc style)"  - "a toast at the kolndike salmon bake" by mhartsell from a blog titled "day 11"  - "lynn and lou crossing metal bridge" by jennykelly from a blog titled ""g'day macka" australia all over"  - "playing after a long day driving!" by toddnrachel from a blog titled "second night"  - "chopping our own for the fire pit" by nz2uk from a blog titled "coldfoot - fairbanks - beaver creek - whitehorse"  - "a long way to go to whitehorse" by nwtmike from a blog titled "motorcycle mikey's great northern adventure" paragliding tour of whitehorse whitehorse youkon whitehorse canada tour whitehorse white horse walk to city pictures of whitehorse in yukon canada whitehorse yukon pictures whitehorse yukon paragliding yukon slideshow whitehorse yukon canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation slide show tour
marsh lake paragliding paragliding flight over marsh lake, yukon, canada.  filmed in may, 2010 mostly with go pro camera.  pilot : wolf schall  music : deuter paragliding marsh lake yukon canada wolf schall gleitschirmfliegen fliegen gleitschirm kanada.
yukon river quest day 2 day 2 of the yukon river quest yukon river quest 2009
yukon timelapse wildlife, natural beauty, and adventure in yukon. a timelapse video by mitchell heynen (  view other videos, photos and written word shared by yukoners and visitors, and submit your own to be featured by travel yukon:  travel yukon nature adventure timelapse
wolf creek trails - whitehorse yukon mountain biking behind wolf creek campground near whitehorse. august 2015 wolf creek whitehorse yukon mountain biking
favourite fishing hole a fun song about a favourite way to spend a day in newfoundland..  written by fred vey.. performed by the veys for seniors.. click here for more information:     fred vey the veys brett vey crystal vey newfoundland nl the musicbox the music box grates cove guitar original music songwriting arnolds cove sunnyside cbs kelligrews trintity bay conception bay nfld jack vey favourite fishing hole fishing trouting conception bay south old perlican original newfoundland music trinity bay labrador canada may 24th. victoria day tradition (quotation subject) traditional
yukon trip part 3 - raven, whitehorse, yukon yukon trip part 3 - raven, whitehorse august 2014  bgm, skratch - "  hang up  " skratch is a live entertainer, 50's, 60's, 70's, rocken-n-roll, country, blues.   skratch can be reached at his email address:  tagishskratch@hotmail.com  "the mellow and the bizarre" make me happen   skratch performing at the gold rush lounge in whitehorse, yukon on august 9, 2014,   five finger rapid, yukon river in yukon on august 24, 2014   yukon trip part 1 , whitehorse, yukon   yukon trip part 2-  playland, whitehorse, yukon   yukon trip part 3 - raven, whitehorse, yukon   yukon trip part 4 - autumn , whitehorse, yukon   yukon trip part 5 - dawson city, yukon  whitehorse (city/town/village) yukon skratch
little salmon lake - the burn 2009 a 20.000 ha wildfire at little salmon lake yukon, canada. caused by lightning but it became out of control due to wildfire (mis)management. wildfire little salmon lake yukon canada
yukon river kayak adventure, 1966 in 1966, my brother, james, a friend, jim bunch and i went on a kayaking adventure down 750 miles of the yukon river from whitehouse, yukon to circle city alaska. 26 days on the river.  visit my channel:   for an opportunity to see my paintings go to:      music by smartsound quicktracks for corel videostudio.   and,   thanks for watching! kennyart kennysart oregon kayak kayaking yukon \yukon river\ whitehorse \circle city\ alaska bear moose dog river adventure canada kenny
rc cwr jet boating the kananaskis river with the nqd tear into skye, will and i went camping in kananaskis country at the mount kidd campground for 5 days. and you know we brought the rcs for sure. we had a blast playing in an off shoot creek from the kananaskis river that runs close to the campground. will and skye thought i need some other boats to play around with, so they took out the blue and red boats, they are just pool toys that they had in the toy bin. the weather was grey and a little rainy, the river was as cold as can be. but like crazy canadians we loved every minute of it, even though our feet were numb. good times.   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
pozdrav z ubytovn na klonajskm parnku tmto video-pozdravem zdravm sv ptel a znm z mho ubytovn na parnku klondike spirit plavicm se po ece yukon. ...jedin nevhoda tohoto ubytovn je dvoj: ...extra vlhk kosa, bo se ta zima nathne do kajuty spolu z vlhkosti z ledov eky a za druh, kad den mezi 18 a 20 hodinou mi domov odpluje na vyhldkovou plavbu s turisty. jinak je to ale fajn, hlavn proto, e tohle ubytko jsem ml zadara! ...mou jedinou protislubou bylo, e jsem vdycky veer vybafl na ppadn naruitele snac se dostat na lo :)    natst tohoto dobrodrustv u bude konec a j se budu moci bhem nkolika nsledujcch dn nasthovat do zamstnaneckho ubytovn mho novho zamstnavatele hotelu eldordo :) dejw dejwator krnovak krnovsky yukon jukon aliaska alaska kanada canada cestovatel dobrodruh stopem krnov
carcross desert - smallest desert on earth in the yukon territory of canada, it measures 1 square mile. filmed august, 2008 by brad bowerman. geographyworldonline.com carcross caribou crossing yukon yukon territory desert bowerman brad bowerman
cabin b, 3022 cozen point, pitt lake - freehold waterfront cabin for sale full listing details:    cabin b, 3022 cozen point, pitt lake - private waterfront cabin on pitt lake with a spectacular setting.  1000's of square feet of view decks, from above the cabin to cabin level and waterfront level. this custom built cabin features beautiful woodwork made mostly from timber taken from the very land it rests on.  inside a large open kitchen beside a warm living and eating area.  a master bedroom is on the main level with a large open loft to sleep the rest of the family.  low voltage lighting supplied by solar keep the lights on.   on demand hotwater, propane stove and cooking range supplied from a large propane bottle good for the season or longer.  and by the way, there's a hot tub! call pitt lake realtor scott leaf, keller williams elite realty, 604-839-8239.  full listing details:  scott leaf pitt lake waterfront cabin for sale freehold cozen point 3022 cozen keller williams elite for sale b 3022 cozen b 3022 lake (geographical feature category) realtor
diving at the head of douglas channel scuba diving on bc's west coast.  the diving is awesome at otter passage! kitimat kitimaat scuba diving nudibranch rockfish lingcod douglas channel otter passage banks island trutch
timelaps on hidden lake nwt   lake timeslaps canada yellowknife island camping tents campers
trout unlimited canada, trout river protection project in prince county trout unlimited canada, trout river protection project in prince county, prince edward island, canada conservation water coldwater restore protect conserve clean prince edward island canada water quality
uhc season 7 - episode 4: the fishing network welcome back to the fishing network! just kidding another uhc.  welcome to uhc season 7!   minecraft: ultra hardcore is a gamemode originally created by guude and the group mindcrack.   in uhc mode, health does not regenerate, you must use a golden apple or instant health potion. in addition, ghasts drop gold ingots, rather than ghast tears, so players cannot brew regeneration potions.   in this season of uhc, we have 23 participants scattered across a 2500x2500 map playing solo using the mumble plugin that adds directional audio in-game. the last remaining player is deemed the winner. the season was recorded in a single-session.   we're using a custom plugin for uhc that automatically disables pvp for the first 20 minutes and displays episode timers.   custom plugin and hosting provided by mineplex.com. intro created by finsgraphics (   participants ==========   bayani:  bee:  devon:  dolphin:  dul:  fin:  grape:  graser:  hbomb:  jwong:  kiing:  m4m:  mrmitch:  parker:  pat:  poke:  rusher:  shep:  sky:  stacy:  straub:  tofuu:  tybzi:    =intro music= "beyond the kingdom" by amotz plessner fishing uhc season 7 uhc ultra hardcore survival minecraft multiplayer minecraft server video game (industry) minecraft 1.7 minecraft (video game) mumble golden apple youtube minecraft gameplay fishing rod hunger food
west branch penobscot seboomock , roll dam,   z turn penobscot paddlers kayaking
salmon arm, bc canada from  fly hills.mkv up on a lookout point on the fly hills in salmon arm bc canada , damn i live in a beautiful country!!! nature mountains valley salmon arm bc canada outdoors salmon arm shuswap mountain climbing \silver creek \
flying in to phantom lake my two brothers and i got flown up to phantom lake, bc for a few days of backpacking away from civilization.  here's our float plane landing up at the lake, situated up in the mountains. phantom lake beaver float plane landing mountains
alberta's northern rockies wildlands movie trailer the following 30 second trailer introduces the northern rockies wildlands parks of northern alberta, canada. we hope you will enjoy this trailer, and if you like it, purchase it from the gateway to nature itunes app channel, that will be soon released! all profits from its sale are used to support children and nature programming. wilderness children and nature parks wildlife films rocky mountains wildlands
bella coola driving around bella coola british columbia, canada driving bella coola british columbia canada natives reserve indians north pacific history houses native land truck driving totem scenic road highway mountains drive snow town village isolated trees summer sunny outdoors park
alaska austausch | #001 | anonymus mickey erste eindrcke von meinem alaska austausch | hoffe dass ich jeden monat ein solches video auf die beine stellen kann | hoffentlich gefllt es euch brigens die musik von nocopyrightsound:  alaska alaska austausch anonymus exchange rotary fishing (tv genre)
habitat du brochet habitat du brochet sous l'eau. o vie le brochet ? le brochet vie dans les herbes, les joncs et les nnuphars. brochet fishing (tv genre) herbe habitat vie
how to buy online tickets for salmon spectacular fishing derby 2016 learn how easy it is to buy buy online tickets for the salmon spectacular fishing derby 2016 from aug 26 to sept 4.  fishing (tv genre) buy
animal crossing: rebooted - day #8: fishing tourney #2 (6/21/2015) this is now a tri-daily series, in tandem with the other 2 series, meaning i make 7 videos every 3 days, or 70 per month, or 700 per ten months, etc. ---------------------------- here's the link to my best frand and gaming partner's channel.   lebashfulbadger dylan animal crossing gamecube ngc gcn nintendo emulation wild world city folk new leaf population: growing animal crossing: new leaf (award-winning work) ass-gays fishing (tv genre) competition village town day huge year month massive alright that's probably it
6th annual take a kid fishing event on lake vermilion 2015 aerial video some 90 kids participated in this annual event.  with 2 kids per boat there were close to 50 boat owners volunteering to guide and help teach the kids some of their fishing tricks.  dozens of volunteers donated their time and energy during the  fishing event and shore lunch that fed some 300 people. lake vermilion (lake) fishing (tv genre) kids fishing northern minnesota volunteering go360media aerial video aerial videography
humminbird 345c di fishfinder humminbird 345c di fishfinder with humminbird ptc-u accessory carring case humminbird 345c di fishfinder fishing (tv genre) fish (animal) boating (film subject)
ready for fishing in alexandria bay with troopers assisting troops aerial video in alexandria bay. on this beautiful morning troopers assisting troops took these troops out fishing for the day with a group of 12 professional fishing guides from cape vincent, clayton, and alexandria bay, starting about 8 a.m.  in april 2013, the new york north country troopers assisting troops (nynctat) was formed by a group of new york state troopers in collaboration with u.s. military members. the mission of this group is to raise local and regional awareness, as well as to provide local recreational activities and events for fort drum service members and other armed forces members that were wounded, injured, or became ill while protecting our freedom and country. see their website at -   troopes troopers fishing guides fort drum military base drone dji dji global quadcopter jeffry weldon flag usa canada united states of america (country) united states military fishing (tv genre)
muskoka canada gopro summer 2015 video shot with go pro hero 3 silver edition.  awesome weekend on lake muskoka in canada. i do not own the rights to the music in this video. the song is by: syn cole- miami 82 (kygo remix)  check out the song here:  gopro (award-winning work) canada (country) muskoka lakes (city/town/village) muskoka district municipality (canadian census division) boating (film subject) waterskiing (sport) fishing (tv genre) cottage (accommodation type) lake (geographical feature category) vacation (film) tourism (interest) kayaking (sport)
tom thomson adventure - day 1 - canoe lake to joe lake for our annual father-daughter canoe trip, madeline and i headed into algonquin provincial park to explore the area around canoe lake where tom thomson spent much of his time guiding, painting and fishing.  day 1 of our trip took us from the access point on canoe lake to the tom thomsom memorial and then on up into joe lake where we set up camp for the next few days.   you can read the full trip report at:   the videos for days 2, 3 and 4 are here on youtube at: day 2:  day 3:  day 4:  canoe trip canoe lake joe lake tom thomson algonquin provincial park water camping (taxonomy subject) fishing (tv genre) canoe (ship type) portage adventure tourist destination canoe lake to joe lake algonquin park canoe trip tom thompson algonquin park canoe trip algonquin canoe trip joe lake to canoe lake portage joe lake algonquin campsites joe lake portage
canada with courtland: canadian history presentation video of classic and clich symbols and idealisms of canada. from snowshoe and canoe transportation to working on the log booms, this video covers some important information you need to know before coming to visit canada.  starring courtland kerr video by luke stanfield  i do not own the rights to any of the music used in the making of this video, it is being used for entertainment, educational and criticism purposes only.  music: the red green show theme audio from neature walk by vicscrappyvideos canada (country) history of canada (literature subject) vancouver maple ridge (statistical region) courtland kerr luke stanfield whonnock lake canada goose (organism classification) beaver (animal) molson brewery (brewery / brand of beer) ice hockey (sport) canoeing (sport) snowshoe (club interest) fishing (tv genre) logging (literature subject)
venturing crew 127 @ northern tier  - july 30 - august 7, 2015 (full length version) venturing crew 127 from tampa, fl had a 6-day trek in the boundary waters canoe area wilderness via northern tier, one of the bsa's national high adventure base camps.  along the way (beginning of video) we visited the soudan underground mine state park.  it was a terrific trip.    royalty free music used under creative commons license: "sunny" -  "country boy" -  "happiness" -   "monkeys spinning monkeys", "life of riley", "sunshine", "bama country" from: kevin macleod (incompetech.com) licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0  bwcaw venturing crew 127 boundary waters (location) boundary waters canoe area wilderness scouts scouting bsa (organization) boy scouts of america northern tier national high adventure bases (brand) high adventure canoe (ship type) mebert002 fishing (tv genre) triple crown of national high adventure award minnesota (us state) ely (city/town/village)
wakadoodle winkerbean heavy metal fishing show seein' drones intelli-studio fishing (tv genre) theatre (tv genre)
quadiste net visite pourvoirie fer  cheval 2015 quadiste.net visite la pourvoirie du fer  cheval et le sentier summum dans les haute-laurentides.  faire du quad, aller pcher et manger des repas somptueux pas pas cher en famille c'est possible! pourvoirie fer  cheval quadiste.net sentier summum kawasaki teryx 4 hunting (interest) peche fishing (tv genre) outfitter
molly fishing at old port in montreal may 2014 a quick video of a few places in montreal near the old port.  montreal fisherman caught a sturgeon fish:   -  mai 2014 une vido rapide de quelques endroits  montral prs du vieux-port.  pcheur montralais attrape un poisson sturgeon:  fish (animal) fishing (tv genre) montreal (city/town/village) old port of montreal (location) 2014 qubec (canadian province) canada (country) fishing molly squirrel (organism classification) fishing rod (sports equipment) vaporizer darkness pain darkness pain rodney ramcharitar rodney rodney sciampacone fuzzi rodney ramcharitar sciampacone heaven (idea) heaven heaven spot spot boat video
kingfisher bay resort jetty during the day this is kingfisher bay resort jetty and it is also a area to drive on and off the barge. this jetty also is used for boats as well. it's a fantastic fishing spot if you don't want to get sand on your feet. i have seen quite a lot of fishing men and woman. it's a great jetty to take photos from. day fishing (tv genre) beach sand waves jetty barge (ship type) kingfisher bay resort resort (industry) ocean fraser island (geographical feature) queensland (australian state) australia (country) harvey bay 4k video rode videomic pro sony fdr-ax100e sony fdr-ax100 toyota 76 series landcruiser sunset west
sunny shore fishing resort 2 wicked awesome little boys 2014 fishing (tv genre)
basking in falls creek after fishing basking in falls creek after catching our 4the king salmon fishing (tv genre) fishing creek falls creekjunuea alaska glacier ocea cove wild wild king salmon king salmon fritz cove fritz cove alaska waterfall waterfall (geographical feature category)
maybe the first video we ever did not sure ...lol yup maybe we were just startin to get into to this facebook thing.. its rough but its real. deadwood fans will understand the significance the bucket and the reference to al. we were on a binge watch of deadwood. lol the fishin camp fishing (tv genre) fishing catfish norm ole pauleye fishing comedy
pourvoirie lac st-pierre  1h de montral, venez dcouvrir un petit coin de paradis! pche, chasse, plein air, location de chalets famille, amis, croisires... bref! tout ce qu'il vous faut pour vos vacances!   film d'une gracieuset de image-in!!! pourvoirie nature lake saint pierre (lake) fish (animal) fishing (tv genre)
craziest cliff jumping of all time news 2015 august (water sports) top 10 waterslides 2015 august hd special (water sports)  subscribe for new water sports each week:  cliff (geographical feature category) sports (tv genre) water (chemical compound) surface water sports tourist destination television (invention) tourism (interest) jump time jumping fishing (tv genre) entertainment news first best all low jumps roof time low greatest worst worlds pool combat football winter soccer basketball american football (sport) baseball golf hockey arts martial tennis combat sports waterskiing (sport) remembering martial arts extreme motor action
1750 lund outfitter tiller introducing the 1750 lund outfitter tiller. these all-terrain, 17-foot boats with 60hp motors are perfect for traversing the west end of vermilions varied structure. the mid-sized fishing boat with a true v-hull design allows you to stay dry and stable, even in rough waters. these boats can go anywhere and are easy to handle. each is equipped with a lowrance elite 5 gps/fish finder, live well, running lights, boat towels,  pfds, and a boat cushion.  recommended for up to three adults. fishing (tv genre) boat (literature subject) outfitter
yellowknife nwt canada- oldtown driving around old town, temp: -8c, 1:00 pm. november 13,2013, click hd for better viewing. yellowknife (city/town/village) northwest territories (canadian territory) canada (country) quebec montreal (city/town/village) toronto maple leafs (hockey team) fishing (tv genre) fishing vessel (sports equipment) bassist (profession) trout (organism classification)
zec jaro 2 zec jaro aout 2008 vtt chenille commander sport snow track atv yamaha grizzly jackson 660 quad kimpex canada quebec gouv motor sports
joshua's generation fishing on a mission for jesus joshua's generation took the vbs 2012 theme song and put their own twist to it. i had a ball with my sting ray class and some of the teens couldn't help but want to be down with us. please watch share and encourage these youth to stay positive in living bold for god! vbs vacation bible school 2012 fishing on mission for jesus summer joshua's generation friends dancing routine church jesus is lord. follow me and will make fishers of men amen
sea kayaking in nova scotia - january 2nd 2011 sea kayaking in nova scotia - january 2nd 2011 sea kayaking in nova scotia january 2nd 2011
two guys on a lake two savvy lake dwellers on kempenfelt bay, lake simcoe, barrie, ontario, canada. february 7, 2010. two guys on lake simcoe ontario canada barrie bay ice helicopter dunlop street snow skidoo
rc cwr float my boat the new work boat barge well i took the boat out for another test run, this is my 3rd motor setup in this boat. and playing around with he weight balance, so the boat sits right in the water. definitely needs some more tweaking and the body is getting closer to where i want to go with it. still needs some more body work but its been a learning experience on the water for sure lol. thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.   google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees or atees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library   fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
lac kenogami sb 18-02-13 1080hd 15 miles lake sled crossing february 18 2013. lac knogami. saguenay, north of quebec, canada. both way side view recording mixed. gopro black edition camera. motoneige snowmobile 2013 lac kenogami lac-kenogami saguenay sled winter glace ice traverse crossing snow cold ride gopro
90cms in 48 hours in fernie bc - february 26, 2012 seems like now when it snows in fernie it can only snow around a meter at a time. we had another crazy blower day of madness this sunday, enjoy! fernie skiing powder snowboarding powder (substance) winter british columbia canada snow
spectacular helicopter landing at marvel pass in the canadian rockies helicopter landing on untouched snow at marvel pass by banff national park's marvel lake in the canadian rockies.  shot in december 2015 with an iphone 6s snow winter flight helicopter adventure canada alberta banff travel
thunder bay driving feb 2015 part 3 of 3 this is part 3 of a 3 part video. so many people liked the previous drive around thunder bay ontario, canada video i uploaded a few years ago, i figured i would make a 3 part series....besides, i am learning some new editing software and needed some video to practise with so i figured this would be a good project. hope you enjoy the video.  note: music used in this video acquired from the youtube free music library. "calypso beach walk" by doug maxwell/media right productions "crimson fly" by huma-huma "night vision" by bird creek "parasail" by silent partner "old friend" by silent partner thunder bay ontario canada winter drive driving highway expressway snow road simpson street john street oliver road golf links road arthur street
rs fishing and cooking by zezimason33 long vid runescape fishing by zezimason33
kayaking at shuswap lake, canada bc the amateur way? kayaking shuswap lake canada
tom cruise's scientologist son connor living a jet set life with a $500,000 fishing boat connor cruise, the 21-year-old millionaire son of tom cruise, lives a jet-setting lifestyle in clearwater, florida, home of scientology hq connor was adopted by cruise and his then-wife nicole kidman when he was just a baby along with a sister, isabella, now 24  he lives in a three-bedroom town house in an exclusive community primarily for scientologists  his father bought him a $500,000 top-of-the-line fishing boat to pursue his deep-sea passion earlier in the year the young man's yellow $50,000 mustang gt is the talk of clearwater connor has expressed an intense devotion to scientology like his dad tom cruise's scientologist son connor living a jet set life with a $500,000 fishing boat with a $500 000 fishing boat tom cruise's scientologist son connor living the high life tom cruise's scientologist son connor living a jet set life tom cruise's son connor 21 is treated like a god at scientology's hq tom cruise scientologist son connor living jet set life 500 000 fishing boat mustang gt women fawning djs pool parties clubs tom cruise's scientologist son
rush home even though the fishing was great they still came home to us #88 raising ducks day 86 it's so funny watching them come home, they are serious happy ducks.  spent the day with the ducks on the lake and they did some serious fishing and swimming today, now they are coming home early to eat.  free range ducks that are lazy and look for a free full belly. duck (organism classification) bird raising ducks ducklings white pekin ducklings white pekin duck duck water fowl waterfowl raising ducklings free range ducks organic ducks organic duck meat duck adorable cute pekin duck (animal breed) muscovy duck (organism classification) free range lake duck highway duck lake duck lake adventure swamp ducks coming home rush hour traffic coming home from work fishing rush home
asme iam3d 2014 - the fishing future the asme innovative additive manufacturing 3d (iam3d) challenge is designed to give mechanical and multi-disciplinary undergraduate students around the world an opportunity to re-engineer existing products or create new designs that minimize energy consumption and/or improve energy efficiency. students will showcase their creativity by demonstrating the value added through their ingenuity, application of sound engineering design principles, and leveraging additive manufacturing technology to address a broad spectrum of industrial, manufacturing, and humanitarian challenges. asme iam3d student competition engineering 3d printing fishing international challenge imece2014
baku korg - 99 fishing baku korg  gets 99 fishing  song: rhapsody - dawn of victory  ---  i don't own runescape, jagex does... cool. baku korg zezima swordskull2 runescape 99 fishing
fishing trip meets blair witch chris and mike were making wall shadows with chris' noodle when i walked in. fishing blair witch shadow puppets
review winter fishing gill gloves 7773 7671 review for winter gloves with bunybuny. women/girls fishing. 3 season and winter gloves. neoprene 1.5mm and 3mm gill 7773 7671 season gloves winter girls women bunybuny review fishing sailing back seat fish bc canada reviews ladies neoprene
walter goes fishing by ben @ byte camp  claymation summer camps 2009 ben byte camp walter goes fishing claymation62 claymation fishing
funny video - scared toddler child reaction to catching a hand while fishing instead of first fish! fishing through a hole in the floor drew a reaction that we were not expecting from a two year old kid!  we thought it was funny and he kept on wanting the hand to come up 5 minutes after this video was shot. child reaction funny scared humor comedy kid startled joke laugh fishing laughter hilarious prank silly laughing scary scream cute fish hand catch kids cute fun trick boy two hole video
ice harvest 2013 - circle w hi hium fishing camp take a look at the process involved in our annual ice harvest! each winter we harvest ice out of lake hi hium and store it in an insulated ice house. this is our remedy for refrigeration without electricity at each of the cabins. it has been a tradition at the camp for over 80 years and we are glad to share this video with you! find us on facebook at  and follow us on twitter @circlewfishing circle hi hium fishing camp kamloops savona bc british columbia canada fly retreat resort ice harvest winter chainsaw snowmobile sled rainbow trout rustic seclusion cabins refrigeration blocks saw tradition amazing
i love fishing, girl power my name is gina r. cowins and i believe paint emotions 4-a cure is the right medicine. i joined the struggle and started healing hearts by making easy transitions with colors and drawings.  we can defeat low concentration spans and temporary memory loss. get involved today and make somebody happy.  my art share telepathy experiences into the twilight zone. i enjoy people who show their artistic abilities and create visual art.  i believe each stroke, line, and curvatures are dimensions of a door in a room. we open doors to enter and exit into our lives. paintings artwork fishing self taught artists music poems. poetry hiv/aids keansburg fishing pier nj mental healing hiv/aids rainbow
rc cwr e-revo speed run busted speed run busted out at kananaskis country by the cos. just out having fun with e-revo and traxxas slash x 2. we hit 68 km/hr top speed with 2 2s lipos and i believe stock gearing. this is the first of many speed run tests. next will be new gearing and 2 3s lipos. so stay tune for more of the e-revo and by the way according to the co the highway is not a play ground :-) we also did some racing with the slashes and we need more practise for sure lol. enjoy and thanks for watching, cheers.  we had the whole co crack down on camera but thought it was best not to put it on yt. more to come from the may long weekend for sure.  google+       instagram     face book     music by audio apple loops ilife sound effects  transportation police car siren passing imovie '08 sound effects drone dark suspense 1,2,3   fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   nicodemousbain  ken    rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
rc work & fishing boat water-jet     -madmaxrcchannel- hand made fishing boat and jet-drive, all from alloy and brass parts, 300 hr to make, the jet drive housing is made from copper drain pipe . brass bushing and twin graupner  u-joints on 3/16'' shaft. xl5 and saturn 27t motor rc boat jet drive water pump work fishing hpi traxxas venom losi aquacraft proboat sprint graupner boot bateau aluminium xl5 tq4 lipo kehrer modellbau berlin amf
let's play stardew valley: episode 17: fishing for trash matt &amp; luke enjoy another beautiful day in let's play stardew valley, and matt is hell-bent on finding some driftwood for his current affection-bullseye. after the usual morning watering session, matt sends noney off to "test the waters" and see if she can't find the perfect gift.  previous episode:   stardew valley is a delightful new farm simulation rpg in a similar vein to the popular natsume harvest moon series, or the animal crossing games, where the player takes on the role of the inheritor of an old plot of farmland in the eponymous stardew valley, where they are given all the tools necessary to build a life as a farmer, rancher, fisherman or even an adventurer. befriend, even date and marry within the community, or sell the city out to the encroaching commercialism of corporate interests. the story is yours to tell.  stardew valley was released on february 26th, 2016, created by concernedape and published by chucklefish.   buy stardew valley on steam here:  let's play walkthrough playthrough comedy game devs devs play gamedev developers stardew valley stardew chucklefish concernedape farming sim farm sim rpg role playing game games like harvest moon animal crossing noney noney lives gameplay game gaming full game story farming pelican town romancing leah finding driftwood find driftwood driftwood gift gift for leah fishing fishing for driftwood
why we need more than one tea towel on the next fishing trip jeff had water sprayed on his pants, but the rubbing seems a tad vigourous... fishing trip tea towel wet spot water
hey you pikachu part 4 - fishing for pokemon we help pikachu fish for pokemon and pay off his mob debt.  if you would like to suggest a game you want to see us play tell us in the comments below!   please like and subscribe!  follow us on facebook:   follow us on twitter:  gaming comedy loonie loony bin looney kim dan mickey game gameplay lets let's play hey you pikachu hey you pikachu fishing funny pokemon
fishing legends name drops who is your favorite?  who was your childhood outdoors mentor?  who do you like to watch and why?   lets answer some of these questions!  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- contact me at  jasonmaure@gmail.com instagram - @jasonmaure twitter - @firefighterlksh  shot using iphone 6 fishing hunting tv shows outdoors youtube creator lake st clair fish diy
frog fishing in canada - michael fromberg an afternoon walk with april and michael turns into a round of canadian frog fishing of epic proportions! if you think frogs generally hop away at the first sign of trouble, you may be in for a surprise! frog fishing in canada vancouver michael fromberg documentary frog fishing hungry frog angry frog
point breeze, 2013's ultimate fishing town point breeze, ny was awarded the ultimate fishing town by the world fishing network on june 26, 2013. fishing oak orchard creek (river) point breeze (neighborhood) world fishing network (tv network) town of carlton orleans county (us county)
28 6 cabin tour, dinner of dehydrated potatoes, salmon and a fishing story petersburg alaska during our mid-august week long stay in petersburg, alaska the weather had been damp. they had just come out of a good stretch of sunny weather in the high 70's, it was in the mid to high fifties during our stay, and as i write now 10 days later sept. 2, 2009, they are again having sunny days. there is a great web cam that refreshes every 15 seconds perched on the national public radio station tower in town. kfsk radio can be search engined, click on the web cam. we began planning our vacation in may of 2009. if i did not get a daily fix of the kfsk webcam, something was wrong.   much history of the community is available on-line, google earth posters have left numerous photos of the community. recently i read that a group of advisors arriving in town representing the travel industry were trying to emphasize the eco-tourism appeal of the region. the panhandle of alaska is as wet as any equatorial region frequented by monsoons. from some of the other movies we have posted you can see the lush nature of just this one island of which there are literally hundreds, most of them unpopulated except by wildlife.    real estate in the community is "by owner", or through a local realty group named petersburg realty, what else? the owner of the boat rental told us he was soon selling out his boats, and would become the owner of the realty. properties on the island ranged from undeveloped land accessible by foot through the underbrush, to undeveloped and developed properties with and without waterfront to a variety of new to older homes, several commercial properties, boats of various sizes, and a large industrial property on the shore.   several residents stated the loss of the logging industry, (we did note a small lumber mill in operation), and a sagging fishing revenue had produced an economic doldrums effect.  across the street from our lodging each day we saw a representative of the self employed each day tending after his crabbing business. his day's activities were adjusted to the tides it seemed. some days home in the middle of the afternoon, others not arriving until dusk. a "for sale by owner" sign on his two story home.   the nations economy is shouldered by people. each one makes a contributing share however small or large. people get bye during hard times. petersburg did have a number of storefronts for lease on main street which the taxi driver told us recently were occupied by various gift trade shops. the regions fish and game office, a division of forestry office, a courthouse, a rest home, hospital, alaska airlines terminal with two flights daily, air tours with fixed wing and helicopter, charter fishing boats, the coast guard has a large vessel tied in the harbor, nine churches, a pizza parlor, a sit down restaurant perched on pilings in middle harbor for sale by owner, a certain population of native coastal peoples, two taverns, a hardware with seemingly every item one could need in that area of life, an old paid for supermarket on main street, and a new un-paid for supermarket half way to the airport, and a reported full time population of 3008. much of the payroll from the three major fish processors in town flies out of town with the globally mixed seasonal workers on "the slime line". at the area of the harbormasters office evenings the tired workers gathered along the sidewalk. numerous languages issued from various cliques along the way. men and women have gone to the sea for ages, no different here. the processor business comptrollers and owners have found the minimum wage half way or so between $7 and $8 and time and a half for overtime more economical than the $11 or so paid to the unionized workers who once populated the canneries.   we have not wintered in petersburg. that it is a different season we can only imagine. rain may fall in spain, but little norway gets some too. average rainfall is 99,99 inches. that is 8,3 feet per year. knee high brown boots that have a cream colored trim are the native wear. rain and snow visit petersburg, and a long gray wet winter, with shortened daylight hours prevails. oldandfound1 petersburg alaska wrangell narrows cabin talk fishing boat boating salmon silver salmon king salmon chum salmon pink salmon crab dungeness crab real estate beach forest deer bear moose clams herring fishermen crabbing for sale main street accident clay banks tide tides trolling skag prop.
loading fishing line on a newly refurbished peetz classic reel loading specrafibre 80b test 500ft of fishing line on a newly refurbished peetz classic fishing reel. fishing peetz spectra fibre fishing line workshop load your reel fishing reel fishing gear fishing equiptment
lake fishing testing sample video sample description fishing funny fishing tagged sample video
she's growing up way to fast | fishing for poop | randycarson cadance my daughter she's growing up way to fast | fishing for poop | randycarson 3 year olds have such a crazy imagination its unbelievable the things they come up with sometimes , and my daughter is a champ when it comes to being creative  subscribe   twitter   last video   business inq  captivatemediainc@gmail.com collab?  randycarsonvlog@gmail.com  bless up!  social media  instagram: randycarsonvlog twitter: @randycarson89 vlogging family vlog family vlogger daily vlog baby videos dad father parents couples vlog shes growing up way to fast fishing for poop randycarson randycarson randycarsonvlog randy carson vlog vlogger kids fishing poop growing up getting older biracial children biracial mixed race jamie and nikki cute baby love black hair tickle randycarson89 cadance daughter randycarsonvlog children caribbean black mixed race baby imagination creative 3 year old parenting
runescape: fishing guide 1-40 i no it's only to 40 but this is only for beginners    disclaimer!  runescape is a registered  of jagex ltd. only. join us and play at  runescape fishing guide
jet boat race and fishing loon 5 mississippi classic regatta 2008 jetboat race and fishing loon,about 1.34minutes into the trailer.    mississippi classic regatta 2008 sunday june 8,jetboat and hydroplane race mississippi classicaction american regatta 2008 sunday june jetboat and hydroplane race fishing loon
       | how to make a wire leader 4 fishing          ,       ,    . fishing wire   strong fishing line   dorad royal mulet poisson steel leader fishing tip how to tie your own steel wire fishing leader how to make a fishing wire leader  stainless steel fishing wire leader how to attach a fishing hook wire techniques bass fishing gopro fishing catfishing fishing tips florida fishing
kayaking on lake ontario  kayaking mississauga lake ontario
kayaking near sept-iles,qc, canada 2016-05-24 sea swell kayak kayaking sept-iles
kayaking overlander falls kayaking overlander falls on the fraser river near mount robson in beautiful british columbia.     paddlers are dave (0:15), rhonda (0:33), and paul (0:49) shown running the river right line on 6 september 2008 at low flow (2.42m / 40cms on gauge at red pass). whitewater kayak kayaking overlander falls waterfall fraser river mount robson british columbia
ron pottles airboat on prudhomme lake ron, a resident of prudhomme lake (outside of prince rupert, bc, canada), uses his airboat all year round - on water, or ice, it is the perfect vehicle in this environment. here, he's pulling a sleigh full of firewood behind the airboat. hydroglisseur ice sumpfboot aerobarco hidrodeslizador idroglissanti airboat
worst hell-hole on earth 12 - alberta tar sands - close-up of a tailing "pond" and its discharges into the environment.  (anthony marr -  a native person told me that if i saw a duck landing into one of these tailing "ponds", i could not expect it to take off again.  this was proven when, this summer, 50 ducks landed into one of these "ponds", and all died. note the oil-sheen on the surface and the dirty overflow on to the surroundings. anthony marr animal rights conference alberta tar sands heal planet earth global warming climate change wildlife mass extinction endangered species pollution toxic toxins cancer carcinogen green energy fossil fuels oil company election palin obama mccain mining fish native people rape nature carbon tax democrat republican arctic ice melt permafrost methane catastrophe disaster apocalypse armageddon hell
return of the ice 18 october 2012: watch as ice forms rapidly over a 5-hr period in cambridge bay, nunavut. this time-lapse recording was captured by a security camera, which is part of the ocean networks canada mini-observatory in cambridge bay.  beneath the ice, the mini-observatory is equipped with an underwater camera, ice depth sensor, and instrumentation for monitoring water properties. ________________ we hope that you enjoyed the video! check out our ocean networks canada website to discover the ocean to understand the planet!   want to see what we're up to? follow us on twitter:   and facebook:   instagram:   flickr:  cambridge bay nunavut (canadian territory) arctic ocean (geographical feature) ice ice formation canada (country) sea ice winter freeze marine ice time-lapse
ice cracking in cambridge bay 9 jan. 2014: this is the sound of ice cracking in the frozen water above our instrument platform in cambridge bay, nunavut (  the recording was captured by our ocean sonics iclisten hf hydrophone deployed at cambridge bay (kitikmeot region; lat: 6906.7980', lon: -10503.6366') at a depth of 7.6 m. ________________ we hope that you enjoyed the video! check out our ocean networks canada website to discover the ocean to understand the planet!   want to see what we're up to? follow us on twitter:   and facebook:   instagram:   flickr:   original filename: iclistenhf1252_20140109t104439.522z_20140109t104939.467z nunavut (canadian territory) hydrophone (measuring instrument) cambridge bay (city/town/village) ice natural sounds acoustics (field of study) sound
worst hell-hole on earth 02 - the alberta tar sands - by anthony marr -  the athabasca river is the watershed from which the mines draw their water - the current 6 mines consuming enough water to supply a city of 1 million. anthony marr animal rights conference alberta tar sands heal planet earth global warming climate change wildlife mass extinction endangered species pollution toxic toxins cancer carcinogen green energy fossil fuels oil company election palin obama mccain mining fish native people rape nature carbon tax democrat republican arctic ice melt permafrost methane catastrophe disaster apocalypse armageddon hell
winter in saskatchewan 23/12/09 driving in southern sk jason strauch winter ice
dq and pete's at the beach in sylvan lake! for more information on these businesses:    dairy queen:  4605 50 avenue  sylvan lake, ab  (403) 887-2253    pete's at the beach  4711 lakeshore drive  sylvan lake, ab  (403) 887-4747 petes at the beach dairy queen dq grill and chill sylvan lake patio lakefront view blizzards fast food homestyle family friendly meals ice cream cakes town for all seasons alberta
mallard lake kayaking in mallard lake manitoba kayaking duck mountain
sold! 3245 atrevida road, powell river, bc a tranquil oceanside 3 bedroom, 3 bath home. $538,000 call neil frost to view 604-483-6345 walk-on waterfront custom home with a breathtaking, expansive vista across the strait of georgia to the snow-capped mountains of vancouver island. vaulted ceilings and open concept living/dining/kitchen room. custom kitchen by country woodworkers, gas range, solid maple floors and woodstove. huge master suite has ensuite and walk-in closet. private entrance to suite with kitchenette, ensuite, patio and amazing view. relax to the blissful peace, or play - easy launch for kayaks, perfect for bird watching and beachcombing, swim or float around - all just steps away.  approximately halfway between powell river and lund, on the sunshine coast. surrounded by lakes, mountains, ocean and inlets, destination of kayakers, boaters, hikers and other adventurers. call neil frost at 604-483-6345 for more information on this home or any other in powell river area! mazurek & frost real estate team,  royal lepage powell river mazurek frost real estate vancouver island powell river bc home realtor royal lepage (business operation)
110 lakeshore drive island lake alberta 4k real estate video have it all! this large bungalow with walkout basement boasts a little bit of everything. four bedrooms, 3 full bathrooms, finished walkout basement & more. on over a 1&1/4 acre lot, the location is ideal. enjoy the view of island lake from the deck, dock your boat across the road at the pier, or take the kids to play at the park. all this at your fingertips! open concept kitchen, living and dining area with views of the lake and access to the deck. master bedroom has large en-suite bathroom with dual headed tiled shower, soaker tub and access to the deck. basement boasts a very spacious bedroom with en-suite bathroom (accessible from both bedroom and family room), storage, laundry, huge family room space with a room off it set up to mount tv's and enjoy watching the game while playing cards. great home for entertaining a family of any size. just put some of your own personal touches to this home and enjoy all that lake living has to offer. mls 41082 view more details at     music "the nest" provided by josh woodward.  athabasca alberta real estate home sales rural athabasca county shahira bury 4k island lake alberta yuneec q500 back forty uhd
$169,900 - 8141 - 101st avenue, fort st. john, bc - home pros virtual tours take a look at this super cute 2 bdrm home with an awesome open plan. lots of new updates - brand new flooring, trim, windows, (minus front bay window), exterior doors, tile in bathroom, water saving toilet & new paint inside & out. set on 0.19 of an acre - this house must be seen! give us a shout in the office at 250-785-6601 for more photos, more information or to book an appointment on this home or any others in fort st. john & surrounding areas! home pros real estate fort st john bc canada taylor dawson creek homes for sale property property for sale for sale
lost lake - private lake and 2800 acres! 2404 trapper's trail road, haliburton, on exceptional to say the least. private lake over 90-feet deep -- large enough to land a plane or water ski! approximately 2800 acres of forested grounds complete with walking trails, snowmobile trails, atv trails and roads throughout. includes a 3328 square foot cottage/home with 4 bedrooms. fully winterized for your year round use. real estate for sale acreage private lake cottage country lake (geographical feature category) haliburton myhaliburtonhighlands waterfront home cottage
yaking on lake okanagan kayaking on a beautiful june day.  no copyright infringement is intended. song- beautiful life by lost frequencies kayak kayaking british columbia bc canada okanagan kelowna explore lake beautiful life yaking paul's tomb knox mountain
small creek flooding near garson, manitoba cook's creek south of st. clements and west of garson in manitoba is slightly overflowing into nearby fields. shot on march 16th 2016.  this video is being managed exclusively by newsflare. to use this video for broadcast or in a commercial player go to:  or email: newsdesk@newsflare.com or call: +44 (0) 8432 flood flooding weather manitoba snow snowfall
yuneec q500+ policeman flats winter with ducks & icy frozen bow river this video contains scenic views of policeman flats in alberta.  you will see frozen rivers and snow covered landscapes.  ducks will are landing and taking flight in the icy waters of the bow river. yuneec q500+ quad quadcopter drone bow river alberta de winton icy river frozen river ducks snow snow covered multirotor yyc
rc cwr snow boating 13 the kids and i went out for a snow boating run. we took along thug the twin hammer bug for a snow bashing run too. the boat is a stock pro boat black jack running on two 2 cell lipos 5000 mah each. as you will see in this video the boat ends up flipping a few times, do to hitting rock under the snow and jumping off small hills. we had a blast out there in the cold playing in the snow on this cloudy day. thanks for watching, cheers.   google+    instagram      kevin macleod rite of passage incompetech.com  rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
skaha hills homes for sale penticton bc spectacular lake views okanagan lifestyle  how too own raymond maaske, bba, ccc, acre - confidential business broker & commercial real estate services - direct: 250.878.2218 email:  raymondmaaske@gmail.com website:    who we are:  intro video buscom real estate services  (founding managing broker of business finders canada)  we are a full service confidential business brokerage & commercial real estate company specializing in the sale of business and commercial property. we help business and commercial property owners sell their business and commercial property in a confidential & proficient manner to a qualified buyer.  about buscom real estate services and raymond maaske  confidential business brokerage & commercial real estate services  with representation in major markets throughout british columbia, from vancouver to the thompson okanagan, we represent businesses of all sizes and types to bring buyers and sellers together in a confidential environment. your confidential business brokerage & commercial real estate services broker is an experienced, highly trained and certified intermediary who will manage the negotiations, keeping your interests in the forefront whether representing you as a buyer, or a seller, until an acceptable deal is agreed upon and closing legalities are finalized. from start to finish, confidential business brokerage & commercial real estate services and raymond maaske will professionally and ethically manage the process to ensure your goals are achieved.  raymond maaske of confidential business brokerage & commercial real estate services is a fully trained and certified professional who brings the highest levels of:  1. knowledge and experience 2. confidentiality 3. marketing expertise 4. understanding of business 5. expert negotiating skills 6. industry market specialization 7. understanding of law, financing and accounting  direct: 250.878.2218  email:raymondmaaske@gmail.com how to commercial real estate: how to okanagan real estate realty realtor revenue investment summerland princeton penticton lake country valemount osoyoos salmon arm business broker valuation evaluation raymond business finders canada businesses found immigration pnp provincial nomination
mls 179542 - 36 newfoundland pl, deer park, nl  36 newfoundland place is a stunning home listed by charlotte story of coldwell banker pro co in st. john's, newfoundland, canada. newfoundland coldwell banker deer park salmonier line st. john's real estate stunning home ol_listing
canada vs. us real estate investing - stop 3: calgary, alberta real estate investor cal ewing gives his reasons as to why he is not investing in calgary, alberta, even though he resides there.  cal ewing explains why he feels that market conditions are much more favorable to real estate investors in us markets like houston, texas. the us is on sale.  visit  to learn how to buy us investment property for pennies on the dollar. calgary real estate investing houston tax deed united states cal ewing
lake rosalind, ontario note: tracey kirstine, who appears in this video, has had a change in her title and is now a sales representative for keller williams golden triangle realty, brokerage.  lake rosalind, ontario - in beautiful bruce county is just minutes from walkerton & hanover. a small lake community with so much to do, it's a great place to cottage or for your full-time home. tracey kirstine, director of first impressions with keller williams lifestyles realty and the kirstine group, talks about the community she calls home neil kirstine tracey kirstine homes for sale lake rosalind grey county bruce county real estate buying homes brockton (city/town/village) the kirstine group keller williams realty (business operation)
610 lakeview road skeleton lake alberta real estate located at the end of a no exit road in the summer village of bondiss on skeleton lake, this well designed property could be your primary residence or a fantastic recreational getaway. located only one lot off the lake it enjoys a view of the water and close access for your boat or swimming. yard is fenced, fairly private and with 3 separate decks (one covered), large garage and toy shed, you know you will be able to easily enjoy the outdoors. open livingroom/dining and kitchen area. large ensuite off master bedroom with 2 person shower and large walk in closet. perfect set up for a retired couple, snowbirds, or a recreational getaway from the city. mls 41033 for more details check it out on my website at    music "beyond the sky" provided by josh woodward  athabasca alberta real estate home sales rural athabasca county shahira bury skeleton lake back forty yuneec q500 boyle alberta lake cabin
19 lake street, unit 2, grimsby, ontario this exclusive waterfront end unit townhome provides true lifestyle living. come and view luxury with your 2 personal 33 foot boat slips, single floor living with private elevator and amazing views of lake ontario from your second storey deck. please call sharon stafford today at 905-818-6584 or go to  to contact us for more information or to book your personal viewing. the golfi team remax serving the hamilton, stoney creek, grimsby, beamsville, vineland and surounding areas.  check out our golfi tv youtube channel videos.  you will find videos on the real estate industry including new home listings. there will be industry tips and fun community stuff as well.  have a look and feel free to leave a comment! rob golfi golfi team real estate remax hamilton stoney creek grimsby burlington vineland beamsville remax escarpment homes for sale waterfront properties condos lakefront properties hamilton mountain grimsby mountain realtor
99 river terrace road home for sale on vancouver island, british columbia gorgeous log cabin home and b+b for sale in south nanaimo,  vancouver island, british columbia, canada.   real estate vancouver island nanaimo house for sale log house bed and breakfast for sale homes riverfront canada canada (country)
driving through great slave lake, canada 2015 gopro hero 3 lake through great fire canada north car frozen lake 2015 yellowknife (city/town/village) yellowknife airport (airport) slave great slave lake (lake) snow cold winter
6645 clearwater valley rd clearwater bc - real estate virtual tour - pam grandmaison view  to see price and more photos.  a piece of paradise at the entrance to beautiful wells gray park overlooking a golf course. engineered pine log home with radiant wood boiler heat and a remarkable open feeling. garage, workshop, den and three bedrooms 30 mins to clearwater, 2 hours to kamloops. opportunity knocks with natures best as you live in peace or create a job in the tourism industry.  bedrooms: 4 bathrooms: 1 sqft: 3000 pam grandmaison clearwater real estate home for sale seevirtual virtual tour
home tour : sold, sault ste. marie, ontario enjoy all the conveniences and benefits of this wonderful neighbourhood. enjoy strolls by the water and bellevue park, your kids can walk to school or the john rhodes centre and you`re only steps from shopping at the churchill plaza. you can convert the current 4 bedrooms back to 3 bedrooms easily, creating a very large master. home has a spacious eat in kitchen, finished basement recroom, bathroom on every level and a dream garage built to the standards of a professional mechanic, making it the ultimate `man cave`. heated with gas forced air and updated siding, insulation and a large back deck perfect for entertaining. book your showing today!  inclusions: b/i dishwasher (2014), blinds (built in)  exclusions: hot water tank (rental), curtains, electric fireplace insert, fireplace screen, cattle gate, hoist and air compressor negotiable. sault ste. marie (city/town/village) canada real estate (tv genre) home for sale 4 bedroom 3 bath j team real estate for sale sault home for sale sault real estate
historic bridge creek ranch for sale, bc. waterfront, 2,400 acres. 4th-generation historic cattle and equestrian ranch for sale in 100 mile house, bc. founded 1912 by the 5th marquess of exeter.  2,400 deeded acres plus 2,200 acres woodlot and grazing licenses, totals 4,600 acres of prime agricultural land. mls# h3140203. for complete information visit our web site at   creative commons license music by josh woodward, used with permission: "i'm letting go" (instrumental),  100 mile 100 mile house bc ranch farm cariboo south cariboo sale for sale horse cattle beef cow steer equestrian ranch for sale one hundred conservation organic property real estate bridge creek tourist destination horses estate real riding
9.45 acres land for sale, leduc alberta dana sharratt coldwell banker haida realty rare find!  9.45 acres of bare land for sale, situated 5 minutes from leduc, alberta.  prime property that is well treed at the west with spruce and native forest,  a mix of small willow and lilac trees on south side,  and new blue spruce on the north.  beautiful spot to build your dream home.  front portion of property has excellent soil and with such close proximity to leduc, has great potential for a number of opportunities.  contact dana sharratt with coldwell banker haida realty at 780-986-4711 for more details $369,900 mls #e3266856  directions: west on hwy 39, turn south at rr 260, cross tracks and go about another 1/2 mile. property on west side of road. real estate coldwell banker haida realty dana sharratt leduc alberta city of leduc land for sale
2 westpoint beach, buck lake treetop imagery slideshow/video of #2 westpoint beach for sale by owner.  call sandy and don at 780-388-3070 to view this home.  visit treetop imagery at  westpoint beach buck lake lakefront property lake home for sale for sale by owner buck lake alberta treetop imagery cottage for sale cabin for sale real estate property for sale property for sale at buck lake
(sold) 576 route 336, cable head east, prince edward island, canada; b-roll video compilation. this spectacular north shore architectural gem, sits on a bluff facing the awesome expanse of the atlantic ocean. nestled in the natural landscape of 11 acres, this 13,500 sq ft home was designed by a nationally renowned american architect who also oversaw every detail of construction. no expense was spared in the construction of this home from the foundation of reinforced poured concrete to roof of western red cedar; every effort was made to build a house meant to last generations. the exterior of the house features cape cod siding & imported pennsylvania field stone from valley forge mountain. the stone walls as well as all of the patios are capped in pennsylvania flag stone, giving the house a natural feel that blends into the surrounding landscape. windows are all pella architectural series windows. these solid wood windows feature aluminum cladding on the exterior as well as vivid view screens. charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
502 willow drive sunset beach alberta real estate beautifully set lakefront property for your recreational use or to call home. this newer mobile home on the waterfront at the summer village of sunset beach on baptiste lake comes complete with all furniture and household items, 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 5 appliances, central air conditioning, full security system and more. enjoy entertaining family and friends from the wrap around deck or on the beautifully designed aggregate patio. lots of space for everyone. a beautiful setting less than 2 hours from edmonton and only 10 minutes from athabasca. for more pictures and information check it out on my website at    music "rains will fall" copyright kevin mcleod athabasca alberta real estate home sales rural athabasca county shahira bury back forty aerial yuneec baptiste lake sunset beach beautiful william wallace best aerial ever so good kevin mecleod highlander remake for sale
sold with  115-77 swindon way, tuxedo, winnipeg, manitoba, canada presented by: terie langen re/max executives realty 204-987-9808 1-877-778-3388  terie langen winnipeg real estate homesinwinnipeg.com real estate winnipeg homes for sale condos for sale property for sale walkthrough listings
boss creek, vernon, bc - priscilla and company, vernon real estate new! welcome to boss creek! located in bc's sunny okanagan valley, in vernons picturesque south bx.  5 minutes to schools & shopping!  backing onto crown land!  exclusive gated entry for privacy!  municipal water.  sweeping views of valley, city & 3 lakes!   over 600 acres of treed natural setting on vernon mountain. phase one now offering the first 12 lots from 2.47 to 6.4 acres! imagine your dream home here with a network of private trails at your doorstep & direct access to magnificently forested crown land for endless adventure  hiking, biking, horseback riding & camping.   design guidelines to compliment the natural setting. natural gas, hydro, telecommunications & municipal water available at the lot line. paved roads. the only rural development w/municipal water! preferred building sites pre-selected to ensure the best views & maximum privacy between neighbours. the ultimate rural lifestyle  5 minutes to downtown vernon & 30 minutes from the kelowna international airport. bring your builder, build your dream estate here!  for more information on this or any other great properties, call 1-800-317-1118 or 250-549-7050 or visit  okanagan homes homes okanagan okanagan home real estate real estate real estate for sale vernon bc bx acreage building lot new development city view lake view crown land boss creek
aerial view lac des roches - properties for sale properties / land in british columbia canada.  more info:  real estate land for sale canada (country) lac des roches british columbia (canadian province) aerial video
sold - crowe lake waterfront bungalow, marmora sold.  sorry, you missed it! a sand beach on pristine crowe lake and cozy furnished cottage with a fully equipped bunkie. contact astrid hood to find other similar cottages in the area for you. 1-800-567-4546 or astridhood@remax.net. crowe lake marmora remax real estate cottage for sale
35 silver beach road at pigeon lake - aerial real estate video uav north  is proud to present another aerial video of a pigeon lake waterfront real estate listing! this lakefront beauty is located at 35 silver beach road and is brought to you by linda holubitsky "the acreage lady" - 780-719-5754 - holubitskyhomes.com  for more like this, be sure to check out  pigeon lake alberta real estate leduc wetaskiwin edmonton uav drone drones aerial photography aerial video uav north
635005a athabasca county rural alberta real estate videographer photographer privately set and well treed 80 acres with large bungalow and shop. this 80 acre parcel is located on a no exit rd on the top of the tawatinaw valley with a privately set yard and trails throughout the property. great for hunting, quadding, or to just have your own space. the 1700 sq ft home features a large kitchen with island, access to back deck from dining room, 3 bedrooms plus an office/den, wood stove and much more. the partial basement has utility room and close to 1500 sq ft of storage. yard is well maintained and with a 24x36 recently built shop, other storage buildings and lots of room to roam. a great set up for an active family. shahira bury back forty real estate arial drone yuneec q500 athabasca athabasca county perryvale alberta for sale quadding hiking hunting valley production royal lepage athabasca real estate athabasca alberta real estate alberta real estate beyondyoursale.ca videographer photographer virtual staging home staging
2 alder drive mls # 10116119 - great views of okanagan lake from this owner built home with 3 beds & 2 full baths on two and one half levels. beautiful wrought iron (plastic coated) fencing surrounds the stunning yard bursting with colorful flowers, shrubs, trees, fruit trees, rock pathways, raised garden beds and a water feature. the bright and open main level has three sets of french doors to the large sun deck. living room ceiling opens to the second level creating a grand sense of space. this home has 3/4" oak hardwood and tile flooring throughout, a rock fireplace (propane) and built-in vacuum. the lower level has a walkout to the yard and a built-in wet bar. the area offers much in the way of outdoor recreational activity including hiking and mountain biking trails, backwoods access for quads, a local park with a playground with swings, a soccer field, basketball court and baseball diamond. if you prefer okanagan lake, killiney beach regional park is minutes away with a boat launch, dock, picnic tables and sandy beach. this neighbourhood has it all! a fire hydrant 45 meters from the property and the fire department within 5 kilometres will help to keep insurance costs reasonable. for more information on this great property and others like it, call or text charlie at 250-558-9921 or email him at charlie@charlieveaudry.com for more information or to view this home. vernon bc charlie veaudry real estate re/max
squamish waterfront farm/acreage for sale - 15986 squamish valley rd, near vancouver, canada featured on the discovery/oln tv series saw dogs, the famous crooked falls 20-mile ranch! if you've ever driven squamish valley road about an hour north of vancouver, canada, you will remember these 58 acres. you may have stayed here in the river-side campground before it closed a few years ago, or stopped to watch the cows grazing in the acres of green pasture. you may even have noticed the house nestled on the hillside, high about the floodplain, with stunning view out over your pastures, mountains, glaciers, and the squamish river. whether you are looking for a weekend cabin close to vancouver, a full-time home away from the city's bustle, an organic farm, a ranch, or a place to start a lucrative campground, hotel or lodge - this is the property for you! possibilities abound.  mls# v890318. contact telf maynard,  dexter associates realty for more info. 604-264-8353.  more details at  ranch farm acreage for sale real estate squamish
196 sheldon road - big rideau lake sprawling 7000 sq ft luxury bungalow on the south shore if the big rideau lake.  5 beds 3 full baths 7 car heated garage.  paved road to the drive.  clean and deep waterfront big rideau lake (lake) re/max luxury homes cottage country real estate
7408 westsyde road kamloops 7408 westsyde road kamloops bc property lorriejane photography lorrie jane photography lorriejane ed barker scott barker ed barker kamloops scott barker kamloops ed barker remax ed barker re/max re/max kamloops kamloops remax mls mls kamloops kamloops aerial remax aerial video kamloops kamloops bc done kamloops done robert martin real estate kamloops real estate kamloops drone video kamloops properties homes for sale kamloops scott barker remax scott barker re/mx
359 arbour lake way, calgary alberta canada real estate video for 359 arbour lake way nw in calgary alberta canada.  shot with a dji phantom 3 professional. real estate uav drone dji phantom 3 phantom 3 professional arbour lake calgary alberta canada yyc lake man made flying aerial aerial video fly flight quadcopter privet lake beach club house 4k dock houses sky clouds water
410 enchantment drive wizard lake alberta dana sharratt coldwell banker haida realty escape to the tranquility of this charming a frame cabin located within   enchantment valley at wizard lake, alberta.  countless upgrades: new electrical, new plumbing, new gas, new hwt, new watertank and pump system, new roof, new kitchen cabinets, new flooring, new stairs and railing, new garage door and opener, new doors. oversized 24x26 garage to hold all the lake toys!  additional 100 sq ft guest cabin.  comes fully furnished, ready to enjoy!  property is a hop, skip and a jump through a small meadow down to the lake.  grab your morning coffee and enjoy lake life this summer! dana sharratt with coldwell banker haida realty, leduc, alberta. real estate leduc city of leduc dana sharratt coldwell banker haida realty cabin for sale alberta
165 crystal harbour , lasalle, ontario n9j3m8 - cris kambouris of manor windsor realty ltd. rebuilt from the ground up, everything brand new. this is an exclusive, quiet and private gated community on the water. enjoy your own boat well ($55/month) right off the back deck. home features main floor master suite with ensuite bath, open concept main floor with soaring ceilings and awesome views of the water, main floor laundry, additional space on the second level for your guests with bedroom and 4pc bath. basement is fully finished with family room. condo fees: $518/month and include roof, ground maintenance, management and water.  details: 3 beds and 3 bath  price: $289,000  mls:1611475  for more info please visit   call or text cris kambouris - direct: 519.995.7600 real estate windsor ontario lake property lasalle ontario home for sale cris kambouris
rc cwr busted dodge taken down after high speed pursuit the chase is on. hpi e-10 dodge takes on the rcmp (remote control miniature police) in a high speed pursuit, but the vaterra cop car and tamiya f-350 truck take him down. thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.  google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library  daisy dukes half pipe  fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
hornepayne saddlebag tour video from snowtrails tv# 203. this day of saddlebag touring was from hornepayne, to white river in algoma country ontario. snowmobile ontario wawa snow trails tv
lundbreck falls running the river left line of lundbreck falls on the crowsnest river near pincher creek, alberta on 23 may 2010. i have misgivings about posting this considering a fellow kayaker lost his life at this very spot a few hours after this video was taken. previously, this drop was considered relatively benign for its height (~30 feet). rest in peace, jaron.  kayakers are dean, tom, dave, ben, chris, and adam. whitewater kayak kayaking lundbreck falls crowsnest river alberta
diamond key lodge - kayaking adventures - georgian bay - kayak lodge based tours with white squall at diamond key lodge, we are lucky to have some of the most beautiful paddling areas in canada.    made up of rock & pine, the 30,000 islands are an awesome place to kayak.    we are thrilled that white squall are offering guided adventure trips, using our lodge as the base point.  they offer trips that range from instruction, to you, biosphere and even photography classes.  we hear nothing but great reviews about their trips.    thanks for watching a few clips about our area.      cheers.  peter and family. kayaking georgian bay bay thirty thousand islands islands paddling trips adventure lodge lodge based kayak rentals kayaking
kayaking in banff kayaking and scouting some rivers near lake louise in banff national park, alberta. whitewater kayak kayaking banff national park alberta lake louise pipestone upper bow river johnston canyon healy creek northwest voyageurs
kayaking the spillimacheen river kayaking a class iv+ stretch of the spillimacheen river in eastern british columbia. the level was low; likely less than 9cms in the canyon (12-16cms is considered optimal). however, that was fine considering none of us had run the river before. unfortunately, i couldn't get video of someone running every drop - there were only 3 of us and at times i had to be in my boat for safety instead of filming. it's a short (1.5km) section of river but with scouting, filming, and a bit of portaging it took us 3 hours to run.     the video shows the 7 significant rapids on the river  (no, i didn't make up the names!):  1. the dam spillway.  2. 'birth canal' (river-right chute through a mid-stream boulder jumble)   3. 'astro lube' (roostertail-riddled rock slide)  4. 'reach around' (sloping rock drop)  5. 'two in the pink' (stair-step style drop)   6. 'one in the stink' (a.k.a. 'l drop')  7. 'happy ending' (20' near vertical waterfall)    kayakers are tom, ben, and dave.    update: as of 27 october 2009, real-time gauge reading are now available at:  whitewater kayak kayaking creeking creekboating spillimacheen river british columbia bc
windpaddle sail cameron lake good conditions today on cameron lake in tobermory for using a windpaddle sail on my tempest 165 kayak. it's a downwind sail that can do moderate cross wind sailing but is best for fairly straightforward following winds. crossed cameron lake entirely without paddling at about 5km/h in approximately 18km/h winds. paddled through the small river that connects cameron to cyprus lake to enjoy this short little stretch as well. the paddle back was into the wind and quite enjoyable too with a few 1 foot waves being picked up by the winds. windpaddle sail kayak wilderness systems tempest 165 james hooey sound pro studios tobermory cameron cyprus lake ontario canada paddling kayaking water sea ocean river
prince rupert flight seeing inland air charters prince rupert and haida gwaii gwaii haanas.enjoy a once in lifetime tour experience! book your tour today at  beautifuly located on the pacific coast of northern bc. also visit our dock cam on our website for views of seaplane base, in real time. or if you would like to see what the weather is like right at this moment. have a great day, and we look forward to meeting you during your next sightseeing holiday. gwaii haanas float planes seaplanes prince rupert haida gwaii british columbia scenic airplane tours alaska beaver planes aircraft charter services air charters otters tsimpsean penninsula tours khutzeymateen khutzamatenn kutzimateen kutzameteen grizzly bears tours black bears tours whales masset queen charlotte islands haida gwaii flightseeing kayak vacations kayaking kayak trips
kayaking - north cross lake to south cross lake through cn tunnel - september 15, 2011 paddling from north cross lake to south cross lake, through the cn tunnel. by henry pietkiewicz, with one hand on the kayak paddle, and one hand on the camera. water level was low, so there was very little current. kayaking cn tunnel north cross lake south paddle manitoba whiteshell caddy kayak paddling
sea kayaking scatarie island, may 2012 sea kayaking scatarie island wilderness protected area,off cape breton island, nova scotia, canada with rising tide expeditions. ship shown is the mv miner, wrecked there 14 september 2012. sea kayak kayaking paddling scatarie cape breton island nova scotia canada rising tide expeditions gabarus louisbourg shipwreck mv miner wilderness protected area
dam good trips trailer - self-guided bc adventure tours get outstanding guidance without the guide on your next kayak, hiking, or biking outdoor adventure. get the trip of a lifetime without the logistics. were with you every step of the way. we take care of the details. all you have to do is show up, enjoy and create incredible memories. kayaking hiking vancouver adventure travel adventure tours adventure tourism travel tourism biking self-guided tour british columbia (canadian province)
inland air flight seeing prince rupert 1 prince rupert and haida gwaii gwaii haanas.enjoy a once in lifetime tour experience! book your tour today at  beautifuly located on the pacific coast of northern bc. also visit our dock cam on our website for views of seaplane base, in real time. or if you would like to see what the weather is like right at this moment. have a great day, and we look forward to meeting you during your next sightseeing holiday. gwaii haanas float planes seaplanes prince rupert haida gwaii british columbia scenic airplane tours alaska beaver planes aircraft charter services air charters otters tsimpsean penninsula tours khutzeymateen khutzamatenn kutzimateen kutzameteen grizzly bears tours black bears tours whales masset queen charlotte islands haida gwaii flightseeing kayak vacations kayaking kayak trips
"otherpeoplestrash" skaha lake's west side kayaking-log: may11th2013 we have beautiful lakes in the okanagan valley but it is sad how many take our lakes for granted. kayaking along skaha lake's west side from penticton towards kaleden. didn't even make it 1/3 the way and my crate was full of the trash i collected. we all need do our part to take care of our waterways before it is too late. wish i had the room on my kayak to put all the trash on it. styrophome, plastic, car tires, couches, chairs, trash-cans and much more. =( makes me sad that people just don't care. our public beaches have trash cans, please use them! ~guy   please also watch: "when birds eats plastic!!" (shocking video)  midway island is an uninhabited island about 2000 km from any other coast line. it lies roughly equidistant between north america and asia, and almost halfway around the world from england. if you think that throwing away that plastic bottle or piece of rubbish, can't possibly be doing any harm, then watch this clip and think again.  "this is sad and disgusting. photographer chris jordan took pictures of dead albatrosses on the midway atoll, a remote cluster of islands more than 2000 miles from the nearest continent. the photos reveal a gruesome reality -- the insides of the decaying birds were filled with plastic trash. despite being on an island far from industrial areas, the albatrosses are finding plastic bits floating in the pacific ocean which they eat and feed to their chicks. read more:  "  bloglog:   logdate:5/11/2013  more at:     kayaking okanagan valley bc canada kayak cleanup beach skaha lake penticton when birds eat plastic environment outdoors water bird (organism classification) park river bridge plastic polution green
mcmahon lake - northern ontario this is a short video of a kayaking trip that we took in early august of 2016.  to reach lake mcmahon (or island lake as some people call it) you need to get in a boat on patten lake, portage out from the far southwestern edge of patten, head up a steep incline and down into a launch area on lake mcmahon.  there are only about three properties on this lake and the water is a crystal, slate blue. kayaking ontario lake mcmahon island lake patten lake portage canada mcmahon lake kayak algoma poplar dale
great bear rainforest canada this video shows the tranquility and beauty of the west coast, starting at shearwater, bc and bella coola. a  kayaker paddles off into the fog, while otters play and drag a large halibut a shore. a grizzly bear chases salmon on the atnarko river. great bear rainforest grizzly bear otters kayaking kayaker west coast british columbia
"night paddling the north" atm # 6 the expeditioners  (atm) adventure travel moments episode # 6  sponsored by: impex kayaks      roberto and bella paddle out to find their camp site in the middle of the night on the giant lake known as cabonga, in quebec, canada sea kayak kayaking camping night time adventure the expeditioners expeditioner outdoors fun camp paddle bella reservoir cabonga quebec canada traveling night dark water summer
algonquin park: opeongo to shippagew camping trip, day 1 day one of a four day kayak camping trip in algonquin provincial park. day one was opeongo to merchant lake. algonquin park kayak camping kayaking algonquin camping
salmon river ontario kayak run 2016 an evening kayak run down the upper salmon river near tamworth ontario  water level around 21 cms kayak whitewater boating rapids surfing salmon river m a c k fest kayaking paddeling river running dagger axiom
clearwater river kayaking various sections of the clearwater river in british columbia. normally the river isn't nearly as busy as shown in this video since we were there for the annual river festival (july 31 - august 3, 2009). the water level was around 300cms. whitewater kayak kayaking clearwater river festival british columbia wells gray provincial park bc sabretooth pink mountain
surfing the red deer river kayak surfing on the red deer river upstream of sundre, alberta at 65cms. whitewater kayak kayaking red deer river sundre alberta s-bend double ledge northwest voyageurs
johnson lake crystal clear waters webbedpaddles short video of johnson lake mostly underwater video clips through crystal clear waters of this amazing lake in british columbia canada. gps: n51 09.421 w119 43.231 copy the gps coordinates and google it for a map location.  this video was from our paddle trip on labour day 2013 here is my blog post link for more info and photos.  bloglog:   thanks to chad at shearwater paddles company  for creating such awesome paddles that we truly enjoy!  music by: the reggae veldt mashup-germany  logdate:9/5/2013  more at:     kayaking okanagan valley bc canada kayak webbbedpaddles johnson lake shearwater paddles
kayak surfing long boats - long beach bc decided to take kayaking a bit more serious and took a surf class with skils and some of my friends.  the class was a whole lot of fun.  the images and video are from that class and subsequent trips to long beach, on vancouver island.  images taken with canon 720 is in waterproof case, video with hero gopro hd helmet cam. surf kayak kayaking touring sea skils long beach tofino bc british columbia
learning to whitewater kayak with theplanetd give a like if you want to learn how to  whitewater kayak!  -------- subscribe to theplanetd for more adventures in travel   ------- summer is an amazing time to get outside and try a great adventure. we learn to whitewater kayak in ontario canada. from complete beginners to kayaking class 2 and 3 rapids within a week. see what its like! it's not as scary as you think! with the proper training you can learn how. at the madawaska kanu centre in ontario canada, they've been teaching white water kayaking and canoeing since 1972. it was the first school in all of canada. the best of the best teach here. find out how these two travel bloggers did during their 5 day whitewater kayaking course. #discoveron check out more at whitewater kayaking, the ultimate ontario adventure  -------- *** theplanetd social***  facebook:    twitter:         instagram:   youtube:  theplanetd blog:   -----------------  thanks to madawaska kanu centre:  special thanks to ontario travel:   if you like our adventures why not share them with your friends or family for more adventures visit theplanetd.com  music by  song: success as one off the album positive life   learning to whitewater kayaking transcript  taking the 5 day whitewater kayaking course here a madawaska kanu centre, will surprise you. you can no nothing at all about whitewater kayaking and by the end of the week, you will be ready to run rapids. i know it sounds unbelievable, if you asked me a week ago if would be running rapids, and doing rolls, and doing all of these turns, in this whitewater? i always was like, no way, i"m not going to do that, i'll probably chicken out of half of the things... but i love the way they teach the course. they do everything in a progression.  you start off just trying to get comfortable in the kayak.  you start, doing these strokes in calm water.  and then you start doing all of these exercises where you are practicing the low brace, you're practicing the high brace, you're practicing kayaking on your side. and then eventually you are going to start working on t-rescues and wet exits and this was something i was really afraid of, going upside down in the water.  but after you do it a bunch of times, by the time you are ready to go and do that wet exit in moving water, you're feeling really calm and you're ready to wait for someone to come and get you.  and hey, soon enough you'll be able to do that roll.  dave and i were completely surprised that by 3 days in, we both had a pretty solid roll. i did the roll, i did the roll woo! woohoo something i really loved is just in front of the centre, is they have all of these gates with huge water right there. and i was thinking, there's no way we're going to run that, that's just for experts right? and then here we are 4 days in, they're going "okay we're going to run the gates. we're going to run the rapids"  i never thought that i would be a person who could even, you know, think of floating through whitewater, let alone kayaking through it and trying to find my line, and staying upright and being ok if i do tip over.  i'm so stupid! woohoo! so by the end of your 5 day whitewater kayaking course with madawaska kanu centre, you are going to be able to take those skills that you've learned and go out and feel confident to run your own, whitewater run.   made it! yeah. kayak kayaking whitewater canoeing (sport) river bridge water bridge river (location) rafting madawaska valley ontario (location) madawaska river (river) adventure (award discipline) sports (industry) ontario canada whitewater kayaking theplanetd the planet d dave and deb dave bouskill adventure travel channel (tv network) travel (tv genre) adventure travel tourism vacation toronto rafting (sport) nature whitewater paddle paddling whitewater kayak arc park events
indian  rock to okanagan mtn. park kayaking july27th2013 great place to get one with nature ;). we paddled from indian rock (north of naramata,bc on okanagan lake) to the okanagan mountain provincial park and found our favorite little beach to relax for a day in the sun. the park has many little beaches along the southern shoreline that are great for camping for 1 or 2 persons.  see the full story at my blog log:   logdate:7/27/2013  more at:      music by: jamie jackson  kayaking okanagan valley bc canada kayak okanagan mountain provincial park (tourist attraction) okanagan lake (lake) okanagan (travel destination) naturist indian rock bc canada
beluga whales on the saguenay fjord kayaking in bai st. marguerite, quebec kayaking with beluga whales
kayaking the elbow river kayaking the elbow river near bragg creek, alberta on 31 may 2009 at 22cms.     kayakers are rhonda (0:35), ben (1:10), tyler (2:50), julien (2:30), and dave (1:16). whitewater kayak kayaking creeking alberta elbow river falls notch slide
kennedy lake by kayak 2016 paddling off the boat launch on highway 4, we travelled up into the eastern arm of kennedy lake circling laylee island camping on it's western shore. we then paddled onto the kennedy lake north recreation site spending a night on secret beach. our final camp was found in the western arm of the lake just east of agnes island. kennedy lake vancouver island clayoquot arm provincial park kayaking
2009 grande cache wild river rendezvous paddlers from all over alberta make the pilgrimage to grande cache the first weekend of june for the annual  wild river rendezvous. this video highlights two popular rivers in the area - sheep creek and the muskeg river.     many thanks to jean, owner of the grande cache hotel, for organizing and hosting this event (and giving us all first rate accommodation at a discount price)!    for more details on this river festival, check out:  whitewater kayak kayaking grande cache wild river rendezvous alberta sheep creek muskeg
canada johnstone strait sea kayaking trip - jervis bay kayak co travel.mov jervis bay kayak co sea kayaking trip to johnstone strait vancouver island, british columbia canada. sea kayaking holidays sea kayaking seakayaing kayaking holidays kayaking canada ocean kayaking learn to kayak kayaking courses
kayaking mccoy's rapid on the ottawa river in this video, members of the toledo river gang and keelhaulers canoe club paddle mccoy's rapid on the ottawa river in ontario, canada. this was my first trip to the ottawa. please learn from my mistakes. :) whitewater kayaking kayak canada ottawa river ontario
kayak tours cape john, nova scotia for more information please visit:   /  sea kayaking nova scotia canada kayak adventure tours travel water nature river destination
kayak practice at pike lake_2011.wmv bryan practicing rolling his tempest 180pro kayak at pike lake, sk. for sea kayak lessons and more information visit  kayak roll paddling pike lake saskatchewan water kayaking rolling paddle sea kayak
kayaking with humpbacks in mobile, nl  kayaking humpbacks whales newfoundland nl
blue in the waterfall - nakusp bc canada january17th2013 short video clip for those interested in just the waterfall and not so much in the hike to get there. amazing blue colour of the snow/ice in the waterfall at nakusp on the way to the source of the hot spring.   logdate:1/17/2013  more at:     kayaking okanagan valley bc canada kayak
taking off from prince rupert bc dash 8 300 taking off from prince rupert bc bc snow vancouver airport prince rupert air plane dash 300 airplanes aviation aircraft turbo prop
rc cwr scx-10 and custom jet boat trailer in k country 2 scx-10s and a custom boat trailer head into the swamp trails of mount kidd. the kids and i love camping out in the kananaskis country with all the amazing hikin an bikin and of course rcing. thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.  google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library staring at the valley back and forth easy day slow burn  fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
sea kayak cape breton island dave and deb of the planet d take you kayaking with north river kayak tours in cape breton nova scotia. ---------------- subscribe to theplanetd for travel videos every sunday and thursday!   read more about nova scotia adventures at:  visit nova scotia tourism for more travel information on nova scotia:  for kayaking trips on cape breton visit north river kayaking tours -   *** theplanetd social***  facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  youtube:  theplanetd blog:  ------------------ music courtesy of killer tracks: name of song: "clap along" name of cd: nyb102 track number: 10  video transcript: ------------------------------ well hey everybody! im all comfy here daves going to do all the work of course! im just going to sit aroundno! ive got my paddle were going tandem today  this is a great, relaxing kayaking trip i highly recommend it you just paddle along the coast beautiful scenery and you get snacks banana bread with homemade jam and chocolate chai tea  had an amazing day here with north river kayak justin was fantastic we got to see some beautiful scenery if you come to cape breton you better come here theplanetd the planet d dave and deb dave bouskill travel adventure adventure travel tourism gopro sony vacation breton cape kayaking kayak canada sea kayaking cape breton kayaking (sport) rising tide expeditions sea paddling nova scotia whales water nova scotia cape breton island travel vlog vlogs vlogging north river sports outdoors cabot trail
skookumchuck rapids - british columbia the rapids - on a three-metre tide change, 200 billion gallons of water flow through the skookumchuck, which connects sechelt inlet to jervis inlet. rapids skookumchuck tide tide changes kayaking kayak water sports sunshine coast
the challenge of freedom 5 days kayaking alone on kingscote lake, algonquin. algonquinm kingscote lake canada ontario kayaking solo alone spring enduro flatwater
kayaking in beautiful peaceful stunning countryside 5/7 filmed: june 26, 2012.  kayaking on a beautiful summer day on a small lake far from civilization in a two-person inflatable kayak.  this is a pristine area with abundant wildlife, fresh water streams feeding a small lake surrounded by forest at an altitude of 500m (1500ft) above sea level.  location is the eastern townships in the province of quebec.  very hot summer day with a strong breeze providing relief and comfort, skies partly cloudy giving some protection from the summer sun and painting a portrait of contrasting blue and white! kayak kayaking lake stream forest summer hot water eastern townships quebec canada clouds.
kayaking on green lake, whistler, bc, canada, march 2015 the lake was still partially frozen but my husband imagined that he was on cruiser 'aurora' and could break the ice easily with his inflatable boat! lol more info and photos you can find in my blog:  travel and adventure kayaking lifestyle vancouver british columbia canada whistler (city/town/village) green lake (lake) lake (geographical feature category) water
expedition research dry bag canoe test in canada testing the ruggedized and professional series dry bag from expedition research llc in algonquin park ontario canada. available in amazon prime.  amazon prime:  dry bag bag canoe algonquin park bear bag expedition research. kayaking kayak camping backcountry expedition 4k
scouting the robson river, bc scouting the robson river near mount robson, british columbia. not the most exciting video, but it gives an idea of what the river looks like without driving all the way there and hiking 4 km only to find a pile of river-wide logjams that make most of this creek unrunnable.     if i ever run this river in my kayak, it'll probably only be the last 1km. although the middle section above 'photoshot' is fairly free of wood, it's an awfully long hike for an awfully short section of river. whitewater kayak kayaking creek creeking robson river british columbia.
sea kayaking canada alberta, maligne lake sea kayaking in canada, jasper national park, maligne lake sea kayaking canada jasper national park maligne lake lettmann nordstern kayak patagonia outdoor cloth hilleberg ten
kayaking burnell lake and ripley lake forget madden part1 bloglog:   logdate:8/18/2013  more at:     kayaking okanagan valley bc canada kayak ripley lake madden lake burnell lake
wind in my webbs roll with the weather kayaklog:nov13-2013 sunshine, clouds, windy, waves playing in the waves at skaha lake penticton.   music by: flicflac vienna, austria soundcloud:  facebook:   paddles:   bloglog:   logdate:11/13/2013  more at:     kayaking okanagan valley bc canada kayak waves wind autumn skaha lake penticton winter kayaking flicflac water weather (exhibition subject) roll storm river
kayaking in beautiful peaceful stunning countryside 2/7 filmed: june 26, 2012.  kayaking on a beautiful summer day on a small lake far from civilization in a two-person inflatable kayak.  this is a pristine area with abundant wildlife, fresh water streams feeding a small lake surrounded by forest at an altitude of 500m (1500ft) above sea level.  location is the eastern townships in the province of quebec.  very hot summer day with a strong breeze providing relief and comfort, skies partly cloudy giving some protection from the summer sun and painting a portrait of contrasting blue and white! kayak kayaking lake stream forest summer hot water eastern townships quebec canada clouds.
magpie river kayaking 2014 kayaking the magpie river in quebec with boreal river and falling creek camp. paddling a jackson kayak zen 65 kayak kayaking whitewater water boreal river magpie river fun class 4 expedition canada quebec jackson kayak jackson werner paddles stholoquist sweet protection imersion research nrs float plane middle of nowhere toronto park bridge ferry paddle (club interest) stout rapids class 6 class 3 class 2 class 1 class 5
findlay creek kayaking the middle section of findlay creek west of canal flats in southeastern british columbia. the river flows through a series of low-walled canyons that constrict the flow making for some surprisingly pushy water full of pillows, seams, and boils. near the end of the middle section is a riverwide log jam that looks rather deadly at high water. whitewater kayak kayaking findlay creek kootenays kootenay british columbia
sea kayaking canada bc, quadra island sea kayaking in canada, quadra island sea kayaking canada quadra island lettmann nordstern kayak kajak patagonia outdoor cloth hilleberg tent airberlin
kayaking the red deer river kayaking the upper red deer river near sundre, alberta at 100cms. whitewater kayak kayaking upper red deer river alberta northwest voyageurs gooseberry ledge jimbo's staircase s-bend
kayaking with beluga whales kayaking with beluga whales in churchill, manitoba. a sneak peak of my documentary on polar bears. churchill manitoba kayaking beluga whales arctic sea arctic ocean hudson's bay whale (animal) animal (film genre) canada beluga whale (organism classification)
high winds while kayak camping in georgian bay, phillip edward island area big storm rolled through the night before with 90kph (56mph) winds (according to the park ranger). probably looking at 20-30mph here.   props to sierra designs for making a tent that's stood up to the winds. it's 15 years old, and not particularly low profile, but it did great! kayaking georgian bay camping high winds
sea kayaking in tangiers, nova scotia view the entire collection of photos and vids at    sea kayaking in tangiers nova scotia
patten lake - northern ontario at the northern end of patten lake in northern ontario, canada, you can find this gorgeous slice of tranquility.  this video was recorded during a lovely afternoon in early august of 2016.   the bird you will hear with a distinctive call is a female osprey with chicks on her nest.  an osprey has nested at the top of the same dead tree in the same spot here for years.   people sometimes wonder why my family and i drive 11 hours each summer to our cabin on this remote lake.  this is my answer.  hope you enjoy it, too. patten lake kayaking osprey northern ontario ontario hd gopro summer lake algoma poplar dale
kayaking the south ram river kayaking the canyons above and below ram falls on the south ram river in the foothills of alberta. the rapids are mostly class ii-iii at this low water level (about 10cms). whitewater kayak kayaking south ram river alberta northwest voyageurs
bighorn boof session an afternoon boof session at schoolhouse ledge on the bighorn river west of nordegg, alberta. we didn't earn any points for style, but sure had a lot of fun (except maybe for the hike out). whitewater kayak kayaking schoolhouse ledge bighorn river crescent falls provincial park nordegg alberta northwest voyageurs
spring has sprung! my first paddle of the year: 13 april 2008 at brierley rapids on the north saskatchewan river at rocky mountain house, alberta. whitewater kayak kayaking brierley brierlies rapids north saskatchewan river rocky mountain house alberta
bay of exploits, hummock island, newfoundland sea kayaking around an archipelago in the bay of exploits, newfoundland. we paddled to hummock island and back to the dock; 23k. 8k to the island, 6k+ around it, and then the 8k home. newfoundland bay of exploits kayaking pov video trailpeak.com
caddy lake tunnel 1 paddling through the caddy lake tunnel caddy lake tunnel kayaking
trak folding kayak meets the skookumchuck join jaime sharp, james manke, and warren williamson as they ride the skookumchuck narrows along the sunshine coast of bc, canada. there is a world-famous standing wave that is caused during flooding, which results in some of the most dynamic waters and paddling on the planet. named skookumchuck by the early inhabitants (in chinook, meaning "strong waters"), we see current at 9-10 knots during this filming. the trak performance folding kayak is tested and paddled by jaime sharp and warren williamson, alongside its equivalent hard-shell cousins. this is all part of the filming of the trak files video series, produced by wandering wolf productions. skookumchuck narrows tidal rapids trak folding kayak trak t-1600 surf kayaking surfing (sport) kayaking rolling a kayak
kayaking conkle lake 2014 kayaking conkle lake bc just a taste  bloglog:   logdate: 08-24-2014 more at:     kayaking okanagan valley bc canada kayak conkle lake kootenays (location)
sea kayaking canada ab, maligne lake sea kayaking in canada, jasper national park, maligne lake sea kayaking canada jasper national park maligne lake lettmann kayaks kajaks nordstern kayak patagonia outdoor cloth hilleberg tent
the latest i've ever kayaked amazingly still kayaking on nov 26th, that's the latest i ever have. after days and days of wind & waves i am granted a near calm afternoon and warm temps ( for november in saskatchewan) so out i go ! come along if you like. al bowman kayaking paddling kayaking in november saskatchewan canada manitou beach little lake manitou lake manitou kayaking little lake manitou kayaking lake manitou
fraser river at 200cms on 1 july 2008 the fraser river shot up to 200cms after four days of stinking hot weather ended a long, cold spring (yes, 28c is considered 'stinking hot' in alberta). since i was in jasper for the canada day long weekend, i decided to wander west for a look, though i wisely opted not to kayak the canyon that day. whitewater kayak kayaking fraser river canyon overlander rearguard falls mount robson british columbia
lmga 113 - kayaking landlubbers lament last weekend was a beautiful summer day in bc, so our friends dora_mor & marty the caveman took us kayaking to go find the island geocaches named "landlubbers lament."   join us for the amazing scenery and fun journey and we'll show you a nice cache hide that doesn't see too many visitors.  supplemental to the lanmonkey blog (lanmonkey.blogspot.com) here's video clips sharing adventures in geocaching from british columbia, canada. music is cc kevin macleod. geocaching outdoors hiking adventure hobby sports gps kayak kayaking british columbia river wildlife island marsh heron
paddle, portage & a swim | bowron lake canoe circuit day 1 on day 1 of the bowron lake circuit we got sized up for canoe & kayak gear at beckers lodge. we then had a noon orientation session before heading out on the trail and hitting the lake for what would be 4 days of fun.  see how day 1 played out...  audio used:  spinningmerkaba | summertime (featuring jeffspeed68)  outro (by my friend adam): cogent project | movement and weakness  keep track of what im up to:  twitter |   insta |   web |   make sure you subscribe for a mix of vlogs, random musings & travel clips. bowron lake canoe circuit canoe canada british columbia bc bowron lake bowron lakes outdoors bowron summer canoeing (sport) kayak kayaking lakes adventure holidays best bowron lakes outback (location) camping national park rockies canoe bowron lakes bennyhbk portages bc outdoors outloor life
rocky mountains and the athabasca river adventure this video was taken on one of the best trips of our life.  we went with our friends on a week long adventure kayaking on the mighty athabasca river in alberta.  it was a very inexpensive trip but was worth millions.... rocky mountains athabasca river kayaking camping adventure trip of a lifetime
fundy explorer kayak tour  aug. 23, 2010 the fundy explorer kayak tour by novashores adventures on aug. 23, 2010. kayaking along some rugged bay of fundy coastline at cape chegnecto provincial park, nova scotia. fundy explorer kayak tour novashores adventures cape chignecto three sisters sea stacks kayaking eatonville harbour bay of tide cliffs adventure tourism nova scotia ns canada
plan c spring kayaking in the foothills of alberta. the bighorn river was too high and the road to the blackstone river was washed out so the highlight of the weekend was the cardinal river - nice scenery even if the rapids were underwhelming. bear with the cameraman's unique perspective at the start. speaking of bears, yes, that's a grizzly (a little one). whitewater kayak kayaking cardinal bighorn blackstone river northwest voyageurs alberta
gardom lake - western painted turtles, etc. gardom lake near enderby just north of vernon bc in the north okanagan supports an abundance of wildlife including the western painted turtle. many of these turtles can easily be seen floating on logs or on shore as you drift past in your kayak or canoe. turtles wildlife canoe canada kay north okanagan kayaking kayak bc enderby turtle gardom lake british columbia vernon okanagan western painted turtle endangered species
kayaking the bwca paddling through the bwca. may 26th, 2012. put in on magnetic lake, an hour from grand marais, mn. paddled the pine and granite rivers. take out on big saganaga lake.  for more information on this trip check this out:   kayaking white water paddling magnetic lake bwca boundary waters canoe area saganaga lake pine river granite river falls outdoor sports
kayaking in beautiful peaceful stunning countryside 3/7 filmed: june 26, 2012.  kayaking on a beautiful summer day on a small lake far from civilization in a two-person inflatable kayak.  this is a pristine area with abundant wildlife, fresh water streams feeding a small lake surrounded by forest at an altitude of 500m (1500ft) above sea level.  location is the eastern townships in the province of quebec.  very hot summer day with a strong breeze providing relief and comfort, skies partly cloudy giving some protection from the summer sun and painting a portrait of contrasting blue and white! kayak kayaking lake stream forest summer hot water eastern townships quebec canada clouds.
duck mountain manitoba my 2 day journey to some of the most remote lakes in the duck mountains of manitoba. this is a short preview of that trip. for the full length version email nighthawk.333@hotmail.com. duck mountain kayaking trumpeter swans bird duck mountain provincial park (location) canada birds river water halloween
awesome sunset paddle on skaha lake march 17th 2012 (snowstorm to sunset) (long version) (long version) we woke to a snowstorm that stopped about noon. snow didn't stay, by late afternoon we managed to get our bench put together and moved it and the firepit down to the lake. thought all was lost in the way of kayaking today but by supper the lake calmed and warmed up perfectly for a nice evening paddle on the lake. as we paddled the calm lake and headed up the okanagan river channel the sun began to set giving us an awesome sunset show. hope you like the video!   kayakers: kathy mca & guythalizard    ~guy   blogpost:  snowstorm sunset skaha lake mar17 2012 penticton kayaking okanagan valley bc canada
beluga whales playing with kayakers dave and deb of the planet d spent an afternoon kayaking with beluga whales in churchill manitoba, canada. -------------- subscribe to the planet d travel channel for weekly videos  ----------- each year thousands of beluga whales migrate through hudson bay and settle in a quiet waters at the mouth of the churchill river. belugas are curious and friendly creatures. they'll bump your boat, chase your paddles and nuzzle your camera. but don't worry, they're not trying to take you down, they're just scratching their head on the hull and coming in for a closer view. sit back and enjoy our kayaking tour with the beluga whales of churchill.   ------------- read more about our travels at   -------------  *** theplanetd social***  facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  youtube:  theplanetd blog:  ------------------ music courtesy of killer tracks:   name of song: "deep ocean" cd number: atv022 track number: 4  we are in churchill manitoba kayaking with beluga whales.  it is such a special experience i tell you they come up and follow your boat.   they're very curious, they nuzzle the gopro underwater.  they play at your bow. and it's really special, they're just about the cutest things.  there they are! he's right underneath us.  there's so many of them together.  hi guys! my recommendation is talking to them in a high voice, and maybe sing a little bit, it seems to attract them. theplanetd the planet d dave and deb dave bouskill travel adventure adventure travel tourism beluga whale (organism classification) whale (animal) animal (film genre) playing chruchill canada arctica destination manitoba kayaking swimming kayak water gopro goprosession beluga whales beluga whales playing beluga whale playing whales and kayaks beluga whale whales beluga whale plays with kids kayaking with beluga whales kayaking with whales beluga whales playing
opishing river rapids. these are the rapids leaving opishing river and entering opishing lake near timmins and halfway to folyet on hwy 101 west. opishing opishing river opishing lake waterfall water fall rapids bush forest boreal kayaking camping sport swimming pool hiking wilderness cold raging water rushing water meditation relaxing relaxation therapeutic calming adventure wildlife
eganville downtown, summer 2014 the village of eganville is a small community occupying a deep limestone valley on the fifth chute of the bonnechere river in the province of ontario, canada.   located in renfrew county, the heart of the ottawa valley, the village is close to our nation's capital, ottawa and the world-class algonquin park. the bonnechere caves, just a short drive from the centre of town, hosts visitors from all over the world.   there are lovely stores, shops, resorts, golf courses, snowmobile trails, hunting, fishing and a host of outdoor sporting opportunities to keep you busier than you ever thought possible. real estate in eganville and the surrounding areas is reasonably priced. you will find a tremendous assortment of property and homes to meet everyone's taste and budget. if you are looking for a waterfront property, home or cottageeganville has it all including a river that runs right through the heart of town.   eganville is a picturesque village. the downtown core, like most small towns and villages in rural canada, is in need of revitalization. as boomers retire to this lovely area to return to family and roots, new opportunities for development will follow close behind.  shouldn't you be here to enjoy this beautiful area? resplendent with clean lakes and rivers, good schools, churches of many denominations and a surprising number of excellent businesses and services, everything you need is here, and more.  real estate offices, eganville, ontario, canada  coldwell banker   thomas morel, century 21 eady realty inc., brokerage href=  signature team realty      eganville ontario canada waterfront real estate home ccttage lot acreage ottawa valley renfrew county waterview house for sale home for sale cottage for sale waterfront property for sale
travel from crooked river to newmans more travel through north central bc up the hart hiway and over the pine pass back into alberta and to the newman's house close to beaverlodge. motorhome tourism travel river nature water adventure destination holiday landmark cruise camping summer fun family
a genealogical hike, salvage, newfoundland and labrador (by peter bull, newfoundland)  newfoundlandlabrador peter bull peterabull tourism adventure salvage eastport peninsula happy adventure sandy cove bonavista bay newfoundland and labrador ronan and cormac grave yard ancestry cemetary history wwi hike hiking crab net point doctors pond drs pond kayaking salt water great grandparents great grandpa headstone
sea kayaking canada bc, quadra island sea kayaking in canada, quadra island sea kayaking canada quadra island lettmann nordstern kayak patagonia outdoor cloth hilleberg tent airberlin
lake louise packhorse trip part 1 of 2 lake louise packhorse trip part 1 of 2 adventure pack trip horse packhorse lake louise banff park canada beer sexy cowboys mountain alpine country music rockies beautiful scenery spectacular lodge cabin trail riding climbing hiking tour roy rogers happy garth brooks nightriders lament keith urban these are days remember judds flies butter george strait like us men bare lonesome bear songs
pt 1 : around lake nippissing motorcycle tour went for a ride around lake nippissing in ontario canada the other day and did approx 300 to 400 kms with my buddy paul (  ) .  this is just a video of some of the stuff we saw . nippissing bridge motorcycle ride cruise km kms travel bike leather construction dirt boat view harley low boy 1100 shadow 1100 shadow aero 1100 shadow aero trip 18687paul rex4x4 pt 1 part 1 french river french river boating
to nairn falls provincial park in pemberton, b.c. 20 minutes north of whistler, just before pemberton, is nairn falls provincial park. the 3km roundtrip hike to nairn falls is quick and relatively easy along a scenic trail with a great view at the end.  for more travel stories and photography visit  subscribe to our channel -  travel vlog vloggers tips trip music episodes channel documentary discount cheap holidays vacation international domestic departures arrivals deals from alouette country review waterdall easy hike pemberton (city/town/village) british columbia (canadian province) nairn falls provincial park (protected site) video blog (industry) tourism (industry) hiking (sport) gopro (brand) explorebc explore canada
"sunset pass" nancydeb's photos around nordegg, canada (sunset pass pinto lake mount coleman) preview of nancydeb's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  sunset pass pinto lake mount coleman sunset pass ab nordegg mosqitoes sunset pass norman creek trail head alberta sunset pass alberta norman creek sunset pass nordegg nordegg camping map sunset pass hike sunset pass canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
"crayola box houses" aliciatravels's photos around st. john's, canada (newfoundland and labrador) preview of aliciatravels's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  crayola box pictures crayola john crayola houses st john's newfoundland and labrador canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
cn freight train firecatdriver met cn freight train with a heartfelt whistle of freight train near the summit lake on the hart highway b.c.97 / sep.22.2008 cn freight train emd sd70m-2 sd40-2w sd60-f whistle summit lake hart highway 97 british columbia prince george gmc envoy 4wd awd adventure road trip canada canadian national railway driving drive woman alone lady solo driver
close encounter with a humpback whale eye-popping footage of a recent rare close encounter with a humpback whale off the coast of bc's spectacular great bear rainforest. whales like this one and many other coastal species are at grave risk from enbridge's proposed pipeline to pump oil from the tar sands across bc and into supertankers in kitimat, before plying some of the world's most treacherous waters en route to asia.  this awesome creature approached a boat carrying among others filmmaker damien gillis, and proceeded to interact playfully with the crew for 45 minutes!  watch highlights of this amazing and unique west coast experience - caught on camera. humpback whale close encounter bc british columbia canada coast great bear rainforest oil tar sands alberta supertanker bitumen condensate environment ecology ecological fish wildlife nature supernatural enbridge northern gateway hartley bay squallie channel damien gillis kitimat
"06 dorset trail" tombuttle's photos around la scie, canada (dorset trail newfoundland) preview of tombuttle's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  la scie lascie cape newfoundland dorset trail newfoundland canada picture albino ermine dorset trail triton newfoundland and labrador trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
princess maggie of kamiskotia princess maggie buffalo (leclair) the daughter of a full blooded chippewa indian was born in nighthawk center, north eastern on. canada. she married bill leclair of kamiskotia.  a character who ran away from the old age home to escape to her cabin on the shores of kamiskotia lake where during the plague buried a husband and 2 children on an island there.  my dad said she could skin a beaver faster than you could smoke a cigarette. there's not a trace left of maggie but my song and there's not even a grave marker in our local cemetery. however she's (apparently) buried with her husband bill leclair  shame on you timmins.  ( no glory in this town )  you'd think shania twain would take up the cause to erect a proper monument as a commemoration of her life lived here after all she's from the same town. i am personally of cherokee blood myself from the painted feather woodland metis tribe my great grandmother's  maiden name was marguerite levert(raymond) whose mother annie st.jean married louis raymond.  margaret lewis married mike levert from cheneville or st.andre avelin, province of quebec. canada  they were married in new york somewhere ?. ogdensburg n.y. ?   she was a cherokee indian from the north dakota painted feather woodland metis tribe.  for a great story about princess maggie (not my grandmother) go to  /a memory of maggie leclair by roger gagnon  at the timmins times.  princess maggie of kamiskotia  there was naught but rocks and forests in our little country town and that hard rock gold miner worked the earth without a frown  maggie was hard yet gentle and the will and strenght she showed that she could not be beaten down by the wind and winter snows   her face was beaten by the weather and her back was bent and sore from packing moose and children along the old mattagami's shore  beside kamiskotia mountain she'd stopped and rest awhile and drink tea from a cup of birch for she had walked many weary miles  over her fields of wheat and corn she'd sight a flock of geese flying in military form so high so wild so free  she represented her culture well for a proud indian was she like chief dan george the indian she'll go down in history  the springtime sun has melted all around as you can see except that packed down snowshoe trail left by maggie and me  the years have been so many since the day you were my bride to-day the snow falls maggie covering all the country side  very soon eternal spring  will bring back the honey bees and the waters of the river  will dance for you and me  chorus: just a simple song for maggie my life my dream come true indian blood flows in her veins and she speaks the parlez vous  verse: we trecked across this country in the rains through woodland green watched the northern lights at midnight when the clouds had blown away  and when the night time brought us home sleeping neath the  jack pine tree we'd bathe our feet in the morning dew just you maggie and me  from d to e chord  and now the great of spirits have taken her away may the ghosts of maggie roam these valleys in canada's great domaine  and when her search is over may she find not ill remains of a land that was once indian and is the white man still to blame  recorded at ambience recording studio on rideau street,  ottawa. ontario canada (now closed)   the musicians were:  ted gerow :piano (five man electrical band) ottawa,on. terry mccann: harmonica,ottawa,on. dan levoy: steel and electric guitar buddy mccann: drums nancy swan: vocal paul henry dallaire: playin his stereo  ovation round back flat-top guitar  words & music paul henry dallaire paul henry pub. socan northern gateway pipeline maggiebuffalo nighthawkcenter billleclair princess timminson. thelegendofprincessmaggie soul music (industry) maggieleclair paulhenrydallaire kamiskotia kamiskotialake painted feather woodland metis nation princess maggie of kamiskotia extreme country music timmins times roger gannon
haisla village, kitamaat, kitimat a view of thw douglas channel from the haisla village, kitaamat, 11 k's from kitimat. canada northern bc kitimat bc northern gary haupt first nations village haisla nation hasila people
100% skateboarding | northern manitoba skate video justin goulding, gary caribou, dre lafreniere, braydon wood, shane mcnevin, cahlin jesso, & brendan sanderson skating northern manitoba. i spent the past 12 hours editing this video so i hope you guys enjoy! please help me get to 1000 subscribers before the new year! this is mainly all footage you guys may have seen before, but i thought i would make this video for a 1000 sub special :d thanks for watching!  this video was filmed in flin flon, the pas, ocn, & thompson manitoba. some footage from funkythreadz 2015 competition in thomspon.  instagram: @coleezoerb | check out @funkythreadz & @melonskateboards my sponsors! :]  buy stuff from funkythreadz below: instagram: @funkythreadz    buy stuff from melon skateboards below: instagram: @melonskateboards  cole zoerb flin flon manitoba canada thompson the pas skateboard skateboarding regular fakie switch nollie 100% skaters skate park trick tricks slide grind frontside backside video part street handrail crazy insane fails bails wipe out deadly thrasher skate s.k.a.t.e batb we want revenge chris chann unboxing free viral video montage northern funny competition contest challenge battle flatground transition manual how-to tip wheel trucks board bearings ollie kickflip tre flip
the northern light schooner in memory of rex raynor parsons - "the northern light" schooner in december 1929 and a terrible storm off the east coast of newfoundland.  the crew of the northern light schooner - rex parsons(seaman 20 years old), captain thomas parsons and and other crew in peril on the stormy waters on the east coast of newfoundland in the winter of 1929 for seven days and seven nights. they were rescued by the rms baltic ii on december 6 all except rex raynor parsons who was tragically swept away at sea during the rescue with the baltic ii. newfoundland schooner seaman 48 days adrift captain job barbour the northern light st. john's parsons sailor fisherman lighthouse storm rms baltic ii 1929 rescue brave bloomfield
a drive in 1990: grenfell rd to lake kenogami near kirkland lake . cottage road on lake kenogami near kirkland lake ontario. kirkland lake ontario canada drive grenfell road kenogami northern chaput hughes timiskaming
gerhard's world....!!! gerhard's travels and adventures in northern ontario.... gerhard gehrmann minaki ontario canada black river camp winnipeg kenora redditt northern northwestern
wide awake for a meteor shower. lake duborne, canada lake duborne near blind river, ontario canada.  a week's worth of sky, cloud, northern lights timelapses, as well as a couple of panoramas, star trails, some waterfalls and other geologic features of the area.  tossed in a mash up i threw together of owl city's 'meteor shower', and katy perry's wide awake.  tried a motion timelapse for the first time using a modified camera tracking mount. canada (country) katy perry wide awake owl city meteor shower perseid owl city (musical artist) timelapse northern lights sky
massey fair parade 2008 the annual parade for the massey agricultural fair in the northern ontario community of massey parade fair massey northern ontario elvis
sunset dunes pei 254 campbells way prince edward island beach house for sale in cape traverse sold in 10 days!!! sunset dunes pei    | charlottetown real estate | stratford real estate | summerside real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860 and (902)626-6912. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  254 campbells way, sunset dunes, cape traverse.  imagine a genuine cape cod style home in prince edward island canada without the multi-million dollar price tag complimented with a view of the red sandy beach, sand dunes, and the world famous confederation bridge that runs over the warmest waters north of the carolinas.  ideally located between the capital city of charlottetown and summerside with easy access to nova scotia and new brunswick, and two airports (private and public).  every view inside and outside this beach home are a treat to the senses.  perfectly designed for entertaining, and inviting guests over for some fun.  long walks on the beach, kayaking, canoeing, bicycling, golf, and access to fresh seafood including lobster are all part of the package.  view this home in person on a sunny day, and you will get excited.  it would make a great rental as well at $2500+ a week.   wow! 24 hour a day open house on video!  see youtube video attached.  click on multimedia link to view.  be sure to subscribe!  located near summerside, borden, boden carleton, fernwood, chelton, confederation bridge, augustine cove, tryon, albany, searletown, bedeque, crapaud.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  royalty free music provided by: "daily beetle" kevin macleod (incompetech.com), licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860 and (902)626-6912.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # tba.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com pei real estate video prince edward island video sunset dunes charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
miscouche steeple heights duplex house lot for sale miscouche, prince edward island duplex zoned building lot for sale in fantastic newer community with easy access to highway 2 just west of summerside by a few minutes. this fine property is a very rare find, and the last of the duplex lots available. it features a double driveway. being one of the largest lots in the community, this lot extends all the way from antoinette drive to highway #2. sewer line for duplex installed in middle. a great place to build that new home or duplex. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! click on the multimedia link to view the youtube video and many more photos. be sure to subscribe!  subscribe to my channel here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  miscouche, pe price $45,500. cad funds. mls # 16087792  prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate, cavendish real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this property is located near miscouche, linkletter, summerside, sherbrooke, central lot 16, union corner, wellington, bedeque bay.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by:    this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek miscouche duplex lot for sale building
5135 highway 6, rosebery, bc heritage aesthetics and craftsmanship combined with 21st century technology and sustainability in an environment of unsurpassed beauty.  completed in 2010, this architectural classic is 50m above lake elevation with sweeping lake views from idaho peak to wragg creek.  over 2500sqft of space with 3bdrms up.  sunken living room with 13' by 6'8" bank of double hung windows.  kitchen features hickory cabinetry, granite countertops, wolf propane stove, vermont castings wood stove with cooktop and imported tin ceilings.  bathrooms have italian glass pattern mosaic and extra deep soaker tubs.  clear, 6" larch flooring throughout and custom finished banisters, railings and timber accents. natural beach, access through crown land. kootenay slocan lake view nakusp real estate new denver kaslo silverton castlegar properties bill lander coldwell banker rossland waterfront idaho peak nikkei kokanee sandon valhalla
rmr: rick goes flyboarding rick tries out the brand new water sport on alberta's sylvan lake. rmr rick mercer report rick mercer rick mercer report sylvan lake alberta sylvan lake alberta sylvan lake jet packs jet packs flyboarding flyboard flyboarders water flying levitate levitating recreation recreational activity dolphin swim swimming wetsuits wetsuit ironman iron man sport
flying around grande prairie, alberta - cyqu flight from the strip at sexsmith, over grande prairie then down the wapiti river in the cherokee 140. 2015-07-17 piper cherokee 140 sexsmith grande prairie flying wapiti river gopro
sailing desolation sound - plumper cove sailing andante to desolation sound. anchored our first night at keats island in plumper cove across from gibsons landing bc. sailing desolation sound sailing bc andante sailingandante pacific northwest british columbia
sailing notre dame bay, newfoundland, canada. sailing on an ontario 28 yacht throughout notre dame bay, newfoundland. best sailing north of the bvi! sail sailing ontario 28 boat newfoundland scene tourism canada notre dame bay bayfield iceberg whale watching dolphin
cavendish prince edward island; cottage for sale, 6-8420 route 6 cavendish road, route 6 welcome to the fabulous cavendish beach resort area! now is your chance to own a cottage/home that feels like brand. why rent when you can own? buy this home/cottage and rent it out as an investment opportunity? this is a super clean, spotless, almost brand new cottage with breathtaking ocean views and a walking path to the best beaches in prince edward island. live in the home of anne of green gables. now is your chance to live the pei dream in the heart of all the best of everything pei has to offer including entertainment, restaurants, attractions, golf, swimming, boating, walking trails, & world famous beaches. this very well built cottage or year-round home features in floor heating, high speed internet, municipal sewer, a central water source, & grass cutting services. complete with all the advantages of a condo agreement community. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! click on the multimedia link to view the youtube video and many more photos. be sure to subscribe  subscribe to my channel here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  8420 route 6, unit 6, cavendish, pei price $169,000. cad funds. mls # 16087736  prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate, cavendish real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this property is located near cavendish, cavendish national park, north rustico, rustico, mayfield, hope rive, stanley bridge, anglo rustico, wheatley river, rustico bay.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by:    this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek cavendish cottage for sale
lantern hill north rustico building lot for sale near charlottetown prince edward island other videos in the area:  303 harbourview:   181 harbourview:  vacant land and aerial tour of north rustico:     | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  lantern hill, north rustico, prince edward island.  prince edward island water view land/real estate; imagine owning a prime building lot in the perfect sea-side village of north rustico near cavendish. this lot has a view of the boardwalk and is located in a historic fishermans village. the village contains everything one would think of when thinking of pei; from deep sea fishing tours, wharfs, a long boardwalk along the water, waterside seafood restaurants, authentic east coast lobster port, a genuine lighthouse, to an all you can eat lobster buffet within walking distance. can it get better then this? this property is location, location, location, and sits in front of one of the most beautiful sandy beaches in pei, a national park complete with sand dunes and supervised swimming for the kids  a deeded right of way gains you access to paradise only 300 away. coming: wow! exciting youtube hd video attached. click on multimedia link to view. be sure to subscribe!  located near rustico, cavendish, charlottetown, cymbria, north rustico, hope river, stanley bridge, new glasgow, brackley beach, oyster bed bridge.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 15081952  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek lantern hill (location)
prince edward island real estate house for sale 4567 route 1a bedeque near summerside marketing your property socially and globally!  call michael 902-626-6912 or 902-888-8860.   | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  2567 route 1a, north bedeque, pe, ca  zero down financing may be available!  bargain priced pei bungalow for sale!  attention new home buyers and investors!  potential is what this home screams!  your new home in prince edward island includes three bedrooms with room to expand in the basement, an extra-extra-large lot that is four to five times the size of a typical city lot, located on a primary highway that gets nothing but the best attention in the winter, closely located to all the amenities that summerside has to offer, and easy access to the confederation bridge, and charlottetown.   what is the best thing about this home?  the low price!  it is about the same that you would pay for a mini or mobile home. the vendor is motivated, and this is your opportunity to own your own home in a great location.  with 20% down this home would only be about $337. per month  what can you rent for that?  wow! 24 hour a day open house on video!  see youtube video attached.  click on multimedia link to view.  be sure to subscribe! located near miscouche, wellington, slemon park, summerside airport, summerside, sherbrooke, st. nicholas, union corner, linkletter, lot 16, and muddy creek.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at   visit my pei blogs  add me as a friend on facebook  & google plus  connect and recommend me on linkedin    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, reddit, snapchat, and instagram.  royalty free music provided by: "two finger johnny" kevin macleod (incompetech.com), licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # tba.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek north bedeque
severn river muskoka cottage for sale **sold** severn (near sparrow lake). finally an affordable cottage that is in great shape, on a great waterway, waiting for you to start your family memories! excellent swimming, boating, fishing and campfires reside here. great views of the water from the kitchen, the dining room and the living room. extensive, multi level decking invites you outside to enjoy the fresh breezes off the water and to take in a little `me` time in the sun. if you listen you can hear the squeals of delight as your children catch their first fish. the main cottage offers two bedrooms and the bunkie is a bedroom on its own. the large muskoka room provides another place for games and puzzles, rain or shine. the waterfront is level and sandy and the dock is solid and provides plenty of room for a boat or two. child friendly area, so your family can expect to make life long cottage friends. close to both gravenhurst and orillia, this lakeside retreat is an easy drive from the golden horseshoe.    muskoka cottage cottage for sale sparrow lake severn river real estate
sylvan lake house - the main house part 1     it's about moments    there are no words to describe this property ... just the "moments" experienced here.     this premiere piece of sylvan lake is set in over 6 acres of nature's splendor teaming with flora and fauna, along 800 feet of treed cliffs along a rock bed of crystal clear lakeshore, with full panoramic view of the clean blue lake, rolling green hills, snow peaked rocky mountains and the big dramatic alberta skyline.      as such, this property endeavors to give "moments" that take your breath away!  the view is an ever changing portrait as nature, weather, season and time of day ebb and flow from one mood to another.    the main and guest house are situated in the center of the 6 acres granting 400 feet of privacy in either direction -- never to be inhabited by neighbors. the property is one of the few left in sylvan lake with full grandfathered riparian rights to the water's edge.  it's totally privately owned and is zoned to remain so.    the back of this lakefront acreage is wrapped in enchanting woods, delivering the peaceful tranquility of nature right outside the windows in three directions (w,n,e) from dawn to dusk and from season to season.  the front faces due south overlooking the ever altering sky, hills and lake landscapes.  the large windows and decks show off the ever changing landscape views as they transform, moment after moment, season after season, year after year.      there's really no describing it ... not without experiencing it.  and to experience it, you have to be willing to relax and to engage all senses.  you will never forget it. sylvan lake real estate premiere high end luxury executive nature waterfront water lakefront lake recreational acreage property for sale realtor red deer calgary edmonton central alberta canada
merrickville  - ottawa real estate - ottawa living merrickville ontario is probably the most historically accurate depiction of victorian canada. it is home for the largest collection of 19th century homes registered with the district historic society than any other community in ontario. situated along the rideau canal it is part of the longest running lock system, operating without pause for over one hundred and eighty years, in north america.  tourism is what drives the merrickville economy, to which there is more than enough to see and do in this quaint village of over 2,500 people. the actual size of merrickville, almost 215 square kilometres, accommodates one of the largest water-based bird sanctuaries spanning both shores of the rideau canal and smaller farming communities. travel to merrickville is via veterans memorial hwy to hwy 43 west out of ottawa, a forty-five minute trip by car.  the attractions are the annual jazz fest, the bed & breakfast accommodations, the blockhouse museum, the many specialty shops and restaurants, and numerous art studios and galleries. in fact several of the artists live and work in the rural countryside surrounding the village, producing hot glass, jewellery, pottery, sculpture, textile arts, metal smithing and letterpress printing. for the outdoor enthusiast, and depending on the time of year, there is boating, (canoeing & kayaking), fishing, cycling, bird watching, skating, snowmobiling, and cross country snowshoeing & skiing. the village of merrickville has two schools, wolford public and merrickville public.   if you are searching for a home in a community that offers the laid-back lifestyle, a rural and historic setting, then merrickville has what you are looking for.   ottawa (city/town/village) merrickville-wolford (city/town/village) real estate houses homes condos
78 lady slipper lane cambridge waterfront property for sale east of charlottetown subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand aerial hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  78 lady slipper drive, cambridge, pei.  picturesque pei waterfront property situated on the east side of pei. located in community of cambridge, watch the eagles soar from your back deck, launch your canoe from your own property and enjoy a leisure day along the mink river. this property has a completely fenced landscaped yard ideal for those with pets or little ones. why go on a vacation to escape when you can call this property home year round. one owner home, pride of ownership is evident throughout. property also features a trailer pad for either guests visiting or a place to park your own rv. inside you will be equally impressed with a double car garage with full bathroom, a garden room, a sunroom/office, a very pretty and airy dining room with stunning water views and skylights and an 18,000 btu fireplace, cozy up in the front living room with propane fireplace, family room with large built in modern wall unit, plus much more. aerial video available on this property today, with a second video to debut in the summer!  price $244,900.  located near panmure island, panmure island provincial park, murray harbour (north), peters road, point pleasant, gladstone, gaspereaux, st. marys bay.  located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by:    mls id # 16085043  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek cambridge
greenwich national park green dunes estates test dji phantom 4 at 4k raw video greenwich national park, prince edward island, canada. greenwich dunes estates, pei.  a nice windy day in october, 2016, a test of the dji phantom 4 drone quadcopter shot at 4k.    this is some test footage that may be used in future promotional video.    subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate, cavendish real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this property is located near summerside, downtown summerside, michaels pizza, water street, summerside boardwalk.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and in summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties stratford winsloe michaelpoczynek michael poczynek greenwich national park greenwich dunes estates
7 mile lake overfly #3 - lot10 - nova scotia, canada berflug grundstck nr. 10  overfly lot10  for more information visit our website   7 mile lake berflug in nova scotia - die salmon finance & real estate bietet wunderschne ufer-grundstcke am 7 mile lake.  7 mile lake overfly in nova scotia - salmon finance & real estate is offering beautiful harbor properties on 7 mile lake. lot10 7 mile lake 7milelake nova scotia canada kanada immobilie real estate seaside properties seegrundstck salmon finance
smiths falls - ottawa real estate - ottawa living smiths falls is a community that sits along the rideau canal, ontarios first unesco world heritage site. it has a rich heritage, and it knows how to show it off. from cultural venues like museums, theatres and art galleries to outdoor adventures like hiking, biking, fishing, boating and snowmobiling, youll find what youre looking for in smiths falls.  smith falls covers an area of close to 10 square kilometres that holds a local population of over 8,000 people. smith falls is home for a local airport, the canadian pacific and via railroad companies, and three shopping districts. there are primary and secondary schools for public and catholic students.  it is the community, the lifestyle and the quality of life that makes living in smith falls an experience worth having. the focus of this community is around the education, the housing, the medical & municipal services, the recreation, shopping, and leisure services made available through the community association, local business, the school system, and the provincial parks. moreover, if you work in another town the commute is as easy as taking the railway while keeping with the rural lifestyle of smith falls.  in the face of considering the cost of living, smith falls has low industrial-commercial rates for electricity in addition the local town council encourages the introduction of new business ventures. this translates into an affable and accommodating town for those who enjoy and prefer the strong sense of community and family values found in smith falls. smiths falls (city/town/village) ottawa (city/town/village) real estate condos houses homes
summerside prince edward island house for sale west of charlottetown 141 craig pei real estate crea summerside real estate for sale in prince edward island. price is $159,900. all contents of house and garage negotiable.  apartment rental income in basement is $700./month.   | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description: summerside pei home for sale in prime location close to parks, entertainment, dog park, shopping, trails, restaurants, hospital, groceries, and schools. a double-double garage (double width, and double depth), $700 a month in rental income pays the mortgage  live for almost free! this well-kept home is all about the lifestyle, and right in the centre of all the fun. the complete contents of the garage and the house are negotiable right down to the tools in the garage, and the kitchen table in the house. this could be your turn-key solution to island living. the driveway is also double width, and the back deck is massive and located behind a large sun-room  a great place to sit back relax, and read a book. located in the citys best school district with easy access to highway 2. rent out the top and bottom (2x3 bedroom units) for an excellent prince edward island investment property. located near charlottetown, stratford, west royalty, east royalty, winsloe, sherwood, brighton, rennies road, new glasgow, cavendish, rustico, rusticoville, rustico harbour. located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at   visit my pei blogs  add me as a friend on facebook  & google plus  connect and recommend me on linkedin   royalty free music provided by:  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 15077325. video youtube link:  michaels custom pei home for sale url:  michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
22988 route 2 springfield, prince edward island house for sale on 12.9 acres prince edward island real estate: completely renovated house that looks like it should be in house and garden magazine that comes w/almost 13ac of land. ideal location between summerside & charlottetown, with easy access to all the beaches including cavendish. walking trails; natural springs, best of environments for walks, horses, snowmobiles, or trail bikes/atv`s. sunken lr w/ woodstove in front of an island stove hearth. large chef`s kitchen w/ counter top stove, wall oven, island and nook surrounded in windows and country scenery. formal dw w/ faux mantle adds a voguish touch. master bedroom suite w/ensuite, main bath has jet tub/separate show. bonus room over garage and large basement which has 2br in law suite with walk out/separate entrance. attached 2 car garage + separate large heated workshop and this house has it all. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! click on the multimedia link to view the youtube video and many more photos.   be sure to subscribe! subscribe to my channel here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  22988 route 2, springfield price $329,000. cad funds. mls # 7177054  prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate, cavendish real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  located near norobo, founds mills, north granville, springfield, summerfield, millvale, st. patricks, emerald, breadalbane, stanley bridge, springbrook.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by:   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
prince edward island b&b for sale souris 37 breakwater near ferry subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand aerial hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  37 breakwater st, souris  spectacular water views on large 1.66 acre lot. watch the ferry from your front door step taking tourists and residence back and forth to the magdalen island daily. a very unique property with so many opportunities available. with road access from both breakwater street and knights av. allows for the entrepreneur minded individual to take advantage of the location. the traffic from the ferry allows for the individual to potentially allow vehicles parking over night for extra money with the proper permits from the town, if provided. walking distance to macphees mall, hospital, the harbour, restaurants, shops and stores. also with an 84 x 40 warehouse which use to be potatoe warehouse provides additional storage or for a great garage. inside this home, is currently operating as a b&b for overlay stays from the ferry and tourists. this would make a great family home, or the perfect first time homebuyer or retirement project. click on the medialink for property video tour today!  located near souris, chepstow, souris river, new zealand, little harbour, red point provincial park, souris west, rollo bay, fortune, red house, howe bay, eglington.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  royalty free music provided by:  track:  sweet site:   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 16084211  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek b&b
(sold) 117 gillis road portage large home with complete privacy and seclusion end of a dead end road private prince edward island country home for sale with two outbuildings, numerous renovations & improvements, and located on a large picturesque lot on a dead end paved road. this 4-bedroom home with a massive full basement shows extremely well and offers newly renovated bathrooms, and oak kitchen with an island. some of the features include beautiful walk out to huge deck overlooking the countryside, large bedrooms, half bath/main floor laundry room with country sink just off entrance for convenience., unlimited storage & closets, hardwood & ceramic floors throughout. the large unfinished basement could be a fantastic rec room & offers a walk out to the backyard. door off master bedroom for potential balcony overlooking the natural surroundings. peaceful location and only 20m to the city - all highway driving. new furnace, generator hook up. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! click on the multimedia link to view the youtube video and many more photos. be sure to subscribe!  subscribe to my channel here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  117 gillis road, portage.  price $99,000. cad funds. mls # 16087263 prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate, cavendish real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this property is located near portage, inverness, summerside, richmond, wellington, coleman, carleton, brae harbour, mount pleasant, ellerslie, springhill.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by:    this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
canada classifieds, all free! search, sell, trade. used cars and more place any free ads on canada free local classified listings!  is swopn free local classifieds covering over 130+ regions in canada and across canada. local classified ads, free to post in your local area in canada canada or the city of toronto, mississauga, oakville, pickering, north york, oshawa and peterborough areas too.  sell used cars, used trucks, used boats and used mototorcycles.  new listings daily!  if you live in the canada, there are alot of new and used items for sale and for trade and some even free right on swopn canada! new and used vehicles including used cars and used trucks, used cellphones including cheap iphones, cheap used computers, used furniture, used boats including used kayaks and used seadoos, used sporting equipment, new and used cameras including used nikon, used canon, used photography gear, used video cameras and used camcorders, use clothing including used baby clothing, used womens clothing and mens clothing too.   there is a category for buy and sell in every area possible!, you can also place wanted ads free and also list your new and used items for free or trade too fast and easy.  swopn free local classifieds also has categories available for services including babysitting services, mechanic services, auto services, home services, wedding services and almost any local service in canada area!   you will also find new homes, used homes, homes for rent, and a great place to sell your home for free, list your property in the canada area for free to sell your home fast or find a good deal on a home in canada. canada classifieds covers all regions and local cities. montreal free classifieds, ontario free classifieds, toronto free classifieds, ottawa free classifieds, london free classifieds, barrie free classifieds, brampton free classifieds, alberta free classifieds, british columbia free classifieds and every other area in canada, ontario and all of canada. you can also find apartments for rent, houses for rent and other great real estate opportunities. great place for all your canada real estate needs.  there is also categories for jobs offered in canada. you can find a job locally or place a listing for help wanted for your business or give someone a employment opportunity in canada. lots of new jobs and job offers posted daily, all free.  categories are also available for personals including online dating, or matchmaker services, finding new friends locally in canada or placing a lost and found ad if you have lost something. looking for a new pet in canada? find a new home for your dog, cat, reptiles or other pets. we have free pets, pets for sale and pet adoption available in canada area too! all classified listings are free to place ad and its fast and easy to post your ads, without needing to register with us. swopn classifieds is similar to other popular classifieds websits like kijiji and craigslist canada.  buy and sell or trade your items or give them away free to someone today. we currently cover over 130+ regions across canada. we are growing to cover more areas, and with your help by sharing ads, liking ads and posting ads, you can help make swopn free classifieds the best local classifieds website for the canada area.  posting a free classified ad in canada is easy, you can add photos or videos to your ad and have the best exposure possible. give your stuff a second chance.  checkout  and search through our thousands of new local classifieds and while your there post your very own free ads too and make some extra cash for that stuff you are not using anymore........... we also cover all of canada, including ontario classifieds, toronto classifieds, ottawa classifieds, kingston classifieds, brantford classifieds, canada classifieds, london classifieds, windsor classifieds, sarnia classifieds, guelph classifieds, barrie classifieds, peterborough classifieds, grimsby classifieds, fort erie classifieds, simcoe classifieds, kitchener classifieds, woodstock classifieds and every other city in ontario.  we have free classifieds in your local area, covering canada classifieds, bc classifieds and pei classifieds too!  brand your product, put your business on a banner on the website or advertise your business free too in our free listings. if you ever used a free classified website like kijiji, craigslist or auto trader, then you will feel right at home using swopn free local classified listings!  posting an ad is free, fast and easy.  you dont need to register with us, and you can post as many free ads as you want.  what are you waiting for? swopn free local classified ads  {swopn classifieds welcomes new partners and sponsors too all the time, our latest additions are  ,  ,  ,  and  .  we are always interested in new partners and banner exchanging,) canada free classifieds canada classifieds classifieds websites best classifieds websites free classifieds local classifieds toronto classifieds ontario classifieds bc classifieds cars for sale homes for sale loan services canada jobs buy and sell kijiji canada craigslist gta classifieds used cars car dealers real estate pets for sale free stuff used iphones classified advertising (website category) second chance
big rideau cottage for sale ~ 763 narrows lock #170 ~ pilon real estate group welcome to 763-170 narrows lock rd, this stunning 4 season home is located on the highly sought after big rideau lake, a scenic drive 45 minutes from ottawa. registered in 2007 as a unesco world heritage site, the big rideau lake offers more than 32km of boating with more than 50 islands to explore.  location, location, location, this home is perfectly located on 2.65 acres in the middle of both portland and westport in the hudson bay. a short drive by car or boat to either spend the day shopping in westport or head to lens cove in portland and dine on the water. the 600 feet of manicured waterfront in the bay offers good calm waters for boats, swimming and fishing, as well as direct access to more open waters.  a covered porch and flagstone landscaping greet you as you approach from the private driveway. double doors open up to a spacious foyer; straight ahead oversized windows and a patio door open up to panoramic views of the lake. the stone flooring curves gently into the hand-scraped hickory wood floors. with over 60 feet of stone spanning 3 levels, the custom stone fireplace is certainly the focal point; it provides the space with a cozy cabin quality and feel. from the floors to the soaring ceilings, superior craftsmanship is evident throughout this four-season home.  the main floor dining space is surrounded by windows for unobstructed views of the local wildlife, while dining and entertaining. the kitchen is the perfect marriage of modern and rustic design; granite counters, plenty of cabinetry, a breakfast bar and modern bosch appliances will certainly please the family chef. easily accessible off the hall is the main floor laundry and bath. the master suite on the main level features a stone fireplace and full ensuite bath, this private retreat evokes a quintessential cozy cottage feel.  a loft-like staircase leads up to the second level which offers three bedrooms and a unique play space for children. each bedroom has a distinctive design with sloped ceiling and secluded corners. the generously sized main bath completes this level. the lower level is fully finished with propane stove, recreation room and games area, the perfect spot for family and friends year round. a full bath and guest room make this the perfect place for overnight guests, growing teens or an in-law suite. directly off the lower level sitting area is access to the outdoor hot tub and enclosed gazebo.  take a stroll in the landscaped garden, through the towering pines, over the bridge to the gazebo or to the waterfront and take in the freshness of the lake air. enjoy your morning coffee or dazzling sunsets from the wrap around deck; glass sides allow great unobstructed views. a winding stone walkway leads to the 30x60 heated garage/workshop and expanded parking area. with 150amp service and fully insulated, this is not your typical garage.  we keep you covered when you buy a home with our 24 month buyer protection plan! details at:  free home search with proprietary mls access - new listings - faster updates and more accurate data! find homes now:  big rideau lake cottage house home for sale real estate realtor pilon group
prince edward island waterfront cottage for sale great location under $100k 36 hebrides lane pei  | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  36 hebrides lane, new london, prince edward island  super clean waterfront cottage under $100k in a great location near summerside & charlottetown.  now is your chance to acquire your very own prince edward island waterfront cottage for a bargain basement price.  all contents, appliances, and furnishings are also negotiable.  this cottage is completely renovated, and clean as can be.  here are just some of the highlights of this pei dream beach house:  gorgeous water views (sand dunes, ocean, pond, fishing boats, & wild life), sun rising over the dunes, full moon reflecting on the bay, sitting on the deck watching herons and eagles feeding in the tidal pond, friendly neighbors and access to a pool and 9 hole golf course, low maintenance living, kayaking, biking on trails meeting foxes and warblers along the way, close to the harbor, clean pink beaches, and water warm enough for swimming, luscious strawberries from our local organic farmers, entertainment, concerts and theater within a short drive, restaurants, pizza & ice cream nearby.  located near burlington, margate, clinton, grahams road, long river, french river, seaview, park corner, baltic, darnley, and malpeque.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at   visit my pei blogs  add me as a friend on facebook  & google plus  connect and recommend me on linkedin    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, reddit, snapchat, and instagram.  royalty free music provided by: "life of riley" kevin macleod (incompetech.com), licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # tba.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
oceanfront/waterfront properties for sale in prince edward island canada seaview building lots pei  | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  there are very few oceanfront or waterfront properties for sale in prince edward island canada that offer such a commanding view of the high seas.  that may be why this area commands some of the highest prices for beachfront building lots in this entire atlantic province.  from the exceptional panoramic views of the ocean high atop this elevated viewpoint, the dramatic sounds of the ocean, and the awesome breath-taking sunrises and sunsets, this property has it all at a discounted price. these massive double sized fully cleared pei building lots are ready for your beach house or summer dream home.  there are very few lots available in this location, so now is your chance to live your pei island dream.  you will be surrounded with some of the best of the best in prince edward island homes.  come to sea view, and take your breath away. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video!  see youtube video attached.  click on multimedia link to view.  be sure to subscribe!  located near seaview (sea view), park corner, darnley, french river, long river, springbrook, new london bay, gulf of st. lawrence, atlantic ocean, pei north shore, baltic, and malpeque.  located west of cavendish and charlottetown, and north of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at   visit my pei blogs  add me as a friend on facebook  & google plus  connect and recommend me on linkedin     royalty free music provided by: "anguish" kevin macleod (incompetech.com), licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # tba.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
grand river waterfront lots for sale rivers edge subdivision west of summerside subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  360 north market street, summerside, prince edward island.  three very nice large waterfront building lots near summerside for a very low price! only 3 waterfront lots remaining to choose from in beautiful river edge community, within 15 minutes of summerside these lots offer fantastic value. there are presently two newer year round homes in this beautiful 10 lot subdivision that boasts picture perfect views of the river and the surrounding countryside. restrictive and protective covenants in place to protect your investment. remaining lots: # 5(.969 of an acre), # 6(1.031 acres) and # 10 (1.569 acres), please note lot 6 has a well included (at no cost  save thousands more!). wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! see youtube video attached. click on multimedia link to view. be sure to subscribe! price $34,900.  located near miscouche, wellington, slemon park, summerside airport, summerside, sherbrooke, st. nicholas, union corner, linkletter, lot 16, and muddy creek.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and in summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by:    this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 15082603  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
21 shanty lane seaview prince edward island canada cottage for sale subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand aerial hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  21 shanty lane, seaview, pe, ca.  check out this beach!  yes i am yelling!  you need to see this.  this is what you are buying into: one of the best north shore oceanfront beaches in prince edward island.  no kidding.  take a walk for a few miles (cant do this everywhere), and check it out.  you cant do this in cavendish!  this cottage is one of 3 very high quality cottages located in a super prime central location with access to, thats right, the beach in the pictures.  buy one cottage or all three.  there is massive rental potential (i have property managers on speed dial), or maybe you just want a fabulous summer getaway spot or family compound.  not only do you get a really nice beach, but you are located on a hill so you can see for miles including sand dunes, a pond, the shore, and nature at its best!  come and explore your new relaxing pei beach house lifestyle. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video!  see youtube video attached.  click on multimedia link to view.  be sure to subscribe!  price $169,900. cdn.  located near seaview, kensington, park corner, darnley, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, new london, baltic, spring valley, burlington, clinton, & margate.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, north east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside..  royalty free music provided by:    this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 16084413  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism homes house rental recreational residential apartment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek sea view seaview shanty lane
3755 route 19 cumberland bird's eye view b&b (bed and breakfast) for sale near charlottetown subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand aerial hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  3755 route 19, cumberland, pei, canada.  bird's eye view b&b.  prince edward island hilltop panoramic view home with breath taking water views for miles. stunning views of northumberland strait and st. peter`s island from this large south shore rancher. a separate water view lot is also included. this home features 4 bedrooms and 5 baths with the bedrooms on the main level each having an ensuite and walk in closet. this is a very bright home with scenic water views from most rooms and a walk out on lower level leading to a recently built large deck ideal for entertaining. a well designed layout on main level is enhanced by a spacious living room with hardwood floors and a brick fireplace. this property was operated as a b&b for numerous years until the end of 2014. some contents can be purchased if new owner wants to operate a b&b. professional videos and pictures to be uploaded soon. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! see youtube video attached. click on multimedia link to view. be sure to subscribe!  price $365,000.  located near cumberland, fairview, rocky point, nine mile creek, new dominion, long creek, dunedin, meadowbank, charlottetown, rice point, canoe cove.  located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at   visit my pei blogs  add me as a friend on facebook  & google plus  connect and recommend me on linkedin    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, reddit, snapchat, and instagram.  royalty free music provided by:    realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 16085460  video youtube link:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek b&b bed and breakfast
(sold) 1167 route 1 woods islands historic home renovated on 22a waterfront east of charlottetown what a property it is!  if i had the money i would snap that up in an instant!  it is such a gorgeous place, so unique, so full of character and in such an incredible location!  someone smart will get an incredible property., michael poczyneks professional videographer.    classy & mind-blowing waterfront estate in wood islands. the home has been restored by a noted pei architect. a sunroom addition with unique brick fireplace opens out onto a large western cedar deck offering stunning panoramic views of the northumberland strait and nova scotia. the living room has a cathedral ceiling and woodstove. the parcel is approximately 22 acres and is a perfect year-round or seasonal retreat with 660 feet of water frontage. artistically landscaped grounds with plum and apple orchards and huge red granite boulders brought over from nb. 5 min. from wood islands ferry, & 35 min. from charlottetown. 15x32 newly added building facing the water which can be used as an artists studio. other buildings including a two storey building 68x27+15x32 could be used as a storage building, a tool shed and wood shed. exceptional value. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! click on the multimedia link to view the youtube video and many more photos. be sure to subscribe!  subscribe to my channel here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  1167 trans canada highway (route 1), wood islands.   price $399,900. cad funds. mls # 16087503  prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate, cavendish real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.     prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this property is located near wood islands, belle river, flat river, south pinette, pinette, wood islands ferry, little sands, high bank, northumberland provincial park.  located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
825 big tancook island road, nova scotia nova scotia ocean frontage for sale at 825 big tancook island road, big tancook island, nova scotia $225,000 | mls 201616822  enjoy the rustic, unspoiled beauty of this nova scotia seaside home on big tancook island. spectacular views of the ocean can be seen from nearly every window of this two-storey, four-bedroom home that has been meticulously maintained and passed down through the generations. charming details include a vintage cookstove in the kitchen, and pumpkin-pine doors and trim in the main living area.   a large two-storey storage building on the property is neat as a pin, offering a bonus extra space that has doubled as a gathering place for many a family reunion over the years.   the sprawling lawn stretches from the house down to the shore, a beautiful spot to stroll with the dog in the morning and again at the end of the day.  big tancook island offers a place to unplug and recharge: it's home to a small fishing community year-round, and welcomes vacationing families, artists, photographers, writers and sailors in the summertime. you will love watching fishing boats cruise by in the morning, while summer afternoons often offer a dazzling display of colourful spinnakers as sailing yachts dance along the waves.  to discover this rustic paradise, take the passenger ferry from chester. walk up the hill from the wharf, turn left and enjoy a peaceful, 10-minute stroll past lupins, roses and wildflowers. you'll find 825 big tancook island road on your left, down a quiet lane toward the ocean.   presented by john pearce | royal lepage atlantic 902-229-9225 jpearce@royallepage.ca real estate nova scotia water frontage ocean frontage summer home royal lepage waterfront property
scanner pro for real estate transactions. scanner pro smart phone iphone android app for real estate transactions.  documents, faxing, sign this, witness that, turn your smart phone into a scanner.    subscribe to my channel here:    | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada.  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
pei real estate from sale 7320 northside road lakeville aerial video overview prince edward island, canada oceanfront/waterfront dream estate on over 14 acres of exceptional beachfront.  this exciting new listing comes with a large two storey main house complete with a double car garage, a guest cottage, and a massive shed/workshop that could be converted into an additional living space, office, artists studio, or a second cottage.  located on a paved year-round road, this could potentially be your winter and summer all season escape.   this completely private and secluded location offers complete quiet and peace providing you with the opportunity to enjoy the sea, partially treed surroundings, and the local birds and wildlife.  this peaceful and life changing setting is accessed by a charming winding entrance lane, bordered on both sides with wild rose bush.  the laneway opens to the oceanfront views of the campbells cove coastline.  you will witness bald eagles soaring over the beach and cliffs. this amazing property offers the best of pei oceanfront living experience possible and could have potential as a weekly summer rental.  wow! 24 hour a day open house on video!  click on the multimedia link to view the youtube video, many more photos, and aerial photographs.  be sure to subscribe!  total square footage of living space is estimated and a combination of the main house and cottage.  additional living space could be developed by converting the shed into a living quarters or cottage.  purchaser is responsible for confirming and being satisfied with all measurements prior to close.    subscribe to my channel here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  7320 northside road, lakeville, pe price $435,000. cad funds. mls # 201624907  this is the aerial video overview.  for the main video see:    prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate, cavendish real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this property is located near lakeville, fairfield, north lake, souris, east point, campbells cove (provincial park), priest pond, hermanville, clear springs, south lake, elmira.   located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  royalty free music provided by:   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek aerial overview aerial video lakeville
springfield prince edward island real estate for sale between summerside & charlottetown pei  | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  22988 route 2, springfield, c0b 1m0  prince edward island real estate: completely renovated house that looks like it should be in house and garden magazine that comes with almost 13ac of land  the owner has a 9-hole golf course in his front yard. ideal location between summerside & charlottetown, with easy access to all the beaches including cavendish. walking trails; natural springs, best of environments for walks, horses, snowmobiles, or trail bikes/atv`s. sunken lr w/ woodstove in front of an island stove hearth. large chef`s kitchen w/ counter top stove, wall oven, island and nook surrounded in windows and country scenery. formal dw w/ faux mantle adds a voguish touch. master bedroom suite w/ensuite, main bath has jet tub/separate show. bonus room over garage and large basement which has 2br in law suite with walk out/separate entrance. the amount of quality finished living space is extraordinary. attached 2 car garage + separate large heated workshop and this house has it all.  located near norobo, founds mills, north granville, springfield, summerfield, millvale, st. patricks, emerald, breadalbane, stanley bridge, springbrook.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.   royalty free music provided by:  "daily beetle" kevin macleod (incompetech.com), licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.    michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada.  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 15079442.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
preferred professionals - dockside music art a locally-owned music lessons studio and instrument store in eastern passage, nova scotia.  the community of eastern passage, on the atlantic eastern shore, is one of the oldest fishing villages in north america. it's less than 15 minutes from the bridges spanning the harbour between halifax and dartmouth. today it has developed into a lovely community with a small-town feel, and interestingly, manages to integrate a working fishing village into a must-see village stroll popular with both tourists and locals who want to escape the city. halifax realtor royal lepage royal lepage real estate nova scotia hfx nova scotia ns n.s n.s. canada ca halifax nova scotia halifax nova scotia canada halifax nova scotia ca halifax ns ca halifax ns halifax n.s halifax n.s. real estate halifax real estate halifax real estate agent
macmillan point waterfront lot for sale near charlottetown prince edward island canada  | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  lot 28a, macmillan point, west covehead, pe, canada.  executive waterfront 1.32a lot in exclusive macmillan point. west side location features panoramic views of brackley bay & dunes of pei national park. enjoy the spectacular sunsets on one of only two walk-off shore lots in the subdivision. perfect for boating, fishing & water sports. 16k from charlottetown airport & attractions of the city itself. easy access to peis premier north shore golf courses: 7k to stanhope; 30km to green gables, eagles glenn, glasgow hills & andersons creek; 40k to the links @ crowbush cove. minutes from the white sand national park beaches. 8k to famous the dunes gallery and restaurant. cul-de-sac location at the end of the paved & provincially maintained route 252, making it ideal for both seasonal & year-round living. central water, underground wiring, community lighting. sale is hst exempt wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! see youtube video attached. click on multimedia link to view. be sure to subscribe!  located near west covehead, brackley beach, oyster bed bridge, covehead road, mill cove, stanhope, dalvay, covehead bay, winsloe north, north milton, and harrington.  located east of cavendish, north of charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at   visit my pei blogs  add me as a friend on facebook  & google plus  connect and recommend me on linkedin    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, reddit, snapchat, and instagram.  this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 15082022.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek macmillan point real estate
3477 douses road belle river pei house for sale stunning waterfront property with apple orchard available!! originally this home was built for lord selkirk on peis original lot 62. when current vendors purchased the property 25 years ago and being the 8th owners of the property, the once old farm house has been completely transformed/refurbished into the beautiful sight you will see today. the concrete foundation replaced the once upon a time island stone but the pieces of history have been preserved and used to accent this picturesque property with even the great wall of belle river built at the back from the original stones. the old chicken coupe was transformed into the lovely looking cottage/shop which is left for the new owners interpretation and usage to finish the space inside. the property borders the belle river which the owners use to fish for trout to impress their guests for morning breakfast. the home itself has been completely reconfigured for functionality of the space while preserving the integrity and character of the home. everything within this home has been updated from plumbing, wiring, re-drywalled, new kitchen, bathrooms, roof has been re-shingled twice throughout the years and so much more. if you are looking for a prince edward island historical character home with the story documented and recorded you have found your diamond in the rough!! call for your private viewing today!  subscribe to my channel here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  3477 douses road, belle river, pei price $269,900. cad funds. mls # 201622833  prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate, cavendish real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this property is located near bell river, wood islands, northumberland ferry to nova scotia, flat river, culloden, wood island ferry, wood islands east, little sands, high bank, white sands, murray harbour, murray river.  located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  royalty free music provided by:   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek belle river wood islands
great beaches surround you with this clean chelton one-level home!  pei real estate subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  70 mccardle road (chelton) pei  welcome to your new southern exposure prince edward stress free dream home complete with views of confederation bridge, red soils, awesome beaches, and northumberland straight. you are now leaving all the traffic, noise, and tension behind on this virtually private road that terminates on a beach. your new lifestyle includes walks on some of the best beaches pei has to offer, kayaking, canoeing, boating, trail excursions, fishing, cross country skiing, skating, hockey, and snow mobiling. your home feels almost new and offers the warmth of a luxury cabin with features like: including: in-floor heat, attached heated garage, two large decks, propane fireplace, cathedral ceilings and a paved double driveway. there are also a number of large organic gardens to grow your favourite crop on this over-sized lot. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! see youtube video attached. click on multimedia link to view. be sure to subscribe!  located near chelton, frenwood, bedeque, confedertion bridge, great beaches, chelton provincial park, nova scotia, new brunswick.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, and east of kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at   visit my pei blogs  add me as a friend on facebook  & google plus  connect and recommend me on linkedin    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, reddit, snapchat, and instagram.  royalty free music provided by: "comparsa" kevin macleod (incompetech.com)  licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 15083020  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
remotely controlled drone video of waterfront cottage business for sale in prince edward island  | charlottetown real estate | stratford real estate | summerside real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860 and (902)626-6912. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  247 fox river rd, murray harbour  this is part 2 of 2: aerial video tour.  prince edward island waterfront cottage business on 30 acres east of charlottetown. completely renovated and turn-key. 5 log sided 2 bedroom cottages, fully equipped, everything new including furnishings, appliances, ac, windows, flooring, roofs, bathroom, flat screen tv, deck/bbq. 4 br house, massive 2 level deck, gazebo, appliances, hardwood & ceramic flooring, all supplies to run business (linens, etc) 2 washers, 2 dryers. 20x40 in ground heated pool, propane heat, new cover, resin chairs and loungers, life jackets. pool building with change rooms, 4 showers/toilets, laundry facility, coin op washers/dryers, vending machine. 40x60 steel work shop. 40 x 12 fitness center with equipment. mezanine, kayaks, pedal boat, mountain bikes. john deere tractor, mower deck, bucket, log splitter, a/c and heat. lawn mower, weed eater, ladders, tools, work benches. 13 fully serviced rv sites. 9 unit motel (needs work). $500k+ spent on renovations. see virtual tour for more info.  located near murray river, murray harbour, high bank, little sands, white sands, dover, point pleasant, alliston, guernsey cove, northumberland provincial park, and hopefield.  located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:     royalty free music provided by "space 1990-b" kevin macleod (incompetech.com). licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0.   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860 and (902)626-6912.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 15078279.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com pei real estate video prince edward island video charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
waterfront cottage for sale in prince edward island 82 olscamp north bedeque across from summerside your completely renovated  never been lived in  waterfront cottage overlooking holmans island and the city of summerside is here. enjoy your new quiet and secluded surroundings in wonderful lower bedeque featuring a nice red sandy beach, and maturely treed lot. you will find some of the best clam digging in prince edward island, great swimming, boating, kayaking, canoeing, nature watching, water skiing, wildlife, and much more. all located within minutes of the best shopping, entertainment, and restaurants western pei has to offer. quick and easy access to the confederation bridge, borden, moncton, and charlottetown via some very nice scenic top quality highways. in its previous life, this cottage was a house located in summerside, it was moved to the waterfront in lower bedeque where it was completely renovated to the tune of over $100,000! it has never been lived in, feels like new, and it is the perfect spot for family getaways, entertaining, or as a rental cottage  i can supply the property management company. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! click on the multimedia link to view the youtube video, many more photos, and aerial photographs. be sure to subscribe!  subscribe to my channel here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  82 olscamp lane, lower bedeque price $75,000. cad funds. mls # 201625941  prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate, cavendish real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this property is located near confederation bridge, borden carleton, summerside, chelton, fernwood, lower bedeque, bedeque, freetown, albany, kinkora.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and east of summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by:   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
sunset dunes prince edward island canada waterview house for sale 31 campbells way sunset dunes prince edward island charlottetown real estate  summerside real estate   | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  sunset dunes  31 campbell's way, cape traverse, c0b 1x0  stop! you have finally found your prince edward island dream home located in peis top luxury community complete with breathtaking panoramic water and confederation bridge views. your new sunny, open-concept home is great for year round use and perfect if you like to winter down south as there are services available at this dream island paradise. your new residence is a charming ranch-style home situated in beautiful sunset dunes, a welcoming waterfront community on the warm waters of the south shore. enjoy amazing water views from your veranda while sipping a cold drink, tea or coffee. take relaxing walks on the mile-long sandy beach, swim in the warm waters, kayak, canoe, dig for clams, watch bald eagles and waterfowl and see cruise boats sail under the confederation bridge. your new escape is conveniently located between summerside and charlottetown. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! see youtube video attached. click on multimedia link to view. be sure to subscribe!  located near cape traverse, augustine cove, chelton, confederation bridge, fernwood, borden, north carleton, albany, north tryon, bedeque.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by: " radio martini" kevin macleod (incompetech.com), licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 15082907  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation summerside homes house rental residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek sunset dunes real estate beach
85 bakers shore road north bedeque country home for sale with acreage subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  85 baker shore road, north bedeque  prince edward island southern exposure dream home seconds from summerside in a private, secluded location, on a paved road, almost 5 acres of land, and access to fabulous fishing, boating, and numerous beaches. this is the extremely well maintained picture perfect home for someone with a family that likes to entertain, garden, go for nice country walks down to the shore, and spend time with family! just some of the features include a large spacious two storey design with a sunroom, and a multi-level deck surrounded by gardens. you will also have a spacious kitchen with oak cupboards, lots of living area, larger main floor living room, sunroom, large downstairs family room, large master bedroom with sitting area, extra-large ensuite bathroom, giant guest bedroom over garage, main floor laundry area, central vac, heat pump, & propane fireplace. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! see youtube video attached. click on multimedia link to view. be sure to subscribe!  price $284,500.  located near north bedeque, bedeque, conferation bridge, gateway village, lower bedeque, chelton, fernwood, dunk river, lower & south freetown, summerside, seven mile bay.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and south of summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at   visit my pei blogs  add me as a friend on facebook  & google plus  connect and recommend me on linkedin    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, reddit, snapchat, and instagram.  royalty free music provided by:    this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada.  mls id # 16086777  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek north bedeque
prince edward island surveys survey plot plan deed property lines confirmed pin how to confirm where the property lines are?  surveys, waterfront communities, lines, ask vendor for survey, deed, monuments, survey marker, lead, plastic marker, contact surveyor, property markers, removal, relocated, confirmation of pins, location, based on the deed, hire a surveyor, plot plans,  subscribe to my channel here:    | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek survey plot plan property lines
diversecity charlottetown prince edward island 2015 pei canada immigration diversecity charlottetown prince edward island 2015 pei canada  subscribe to my channel here:    | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada.  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek diverse city
hampton prince edward island cottage building lots for sale just west of charlottetown pei hampton, prince edward island south shore water view cottage lots for sale in an exceptional location with panoramic water views of northumberland strait and deeded access to an awesome beach with spectacular sand bars at low tide. the south shore and north shore offer the warmest waters north of the carolinas and offer a gentle slope perfect for children. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! click on the multimedia link to view the youtube video, many more photos, and aerial photographs. be sure to subscribe!  subscribe to my channel here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  hampton, pei. 5 building lots for sale, $25,000./each. price $25,000. cad funds. mls # 201623067  prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate, cavendish real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this property is located near hampton, south melville, crapaud, tryon, victoria, augustine cove, desable, bonshaw, cape traverse, north tryon.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  royalty free music provided by:   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation summerside homes house rental recreational residential investment atlantic canada aerial video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek hampton cottage lot lots for sale waterview water view
confederation bridge view cottage in hampton west of charlottetown pei real estate for sale  | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  12 arden lane, hampton, prince edward island, canada.  welcome to your new prince edward island water and confederation bridge view cottage/beach house! your new relaxed lifestyle includes a completely renovated cottage, a travel trailer with a newer steel roof for housing additional guests (or irritating ones), and a separate storage shed. conveniently located in the excellent area of hampton; a fabulous location between charlottetown and summerside with quick access to the bridge and new brunswick and nova scotia. your new cottage is immaculate and has been completely renovated. additionally, a super large surround deck has been added for entertaining guests. you will have access to some of the warmest waters in prince edward island on the south shore with miles of pristine sandy beach to walk. this property would make an excellent family hangout or rental/income property. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! see youtube video attached. click on multimedia link to view. be sure to subscribe!  located near hampton, victoria, victoria provincial park, crapaud, tryon, desable, agustine cove, cape traverse, lady fane, south melville, north tryon.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at   visit my pei blogs  add me as a friend on facebook  & google plus  connect and recommend me on linkedin    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, reddit, snapchat, and instagram.  royalty free music provided by: "wallpaper" kevin macleod (incompetech.com), licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,    mls id # 15082784  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:    michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek confederation bridge (bridge) real estate
7320 northside road lakeville pei main house and guest cottage waterfront oceanfront rental potentia prince edward island, canada oceanfront/waterfront dream estate on over 14 acres of exceptional beachfront.  this exciting new listing comes with a large two storey main house complete with a double car garage, a guest cottage, and a massive shed/workshop that could be converted into an additional living space, office, artists studio, or a second cottage.  located on a paved year-round road, this could potentially be your winter and summer all season escape.   this completely private and secluded location offers complete quiet and peace providing you with the opportunity to enjoy the sea, partially treed surroundings, and the local birds and wildlife.  this peaceful and life changing setting is accessed by a charming winding entrance lane, bordered on both sides with wild rose bush.  the laneway opens to the oceanfront views of the campbells cove coastline.  you will witness bald eagles soaring over the beach and cliffs. this amazing property offers the best of pei oceanfront living experience possible and could have potential as a weekly summer rental.  wow! 24 hour a day open house on video!  click on the multimedia link to view the youtube video, many more photos, and aerial photographs.  be sure to subscribe!   total square footage of living space is estimated and a combination of the main house and cottage.  additional living space could be developed by converting the shed into a living quarters or cottage.  purchaser is responsible for confirming and being satisfied with all measurements prior to close.    subscribe to my channel here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  7320 northside road, lakeville, pe price $435,000. cad funds. mls # 201624907  prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate, cavendish real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this property is located near lakeville, fairfield, north lake, souris, east point, campbells cove (provincial park), priest pond, hermanville, clear springs, south lake, elmira.   located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  royalty free music provided by:   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
1150 blooming point road log home for sale with 73 acres close to charlottetown and north shore prince edward island acreage for sale in blooming point near charlottetown with handyman special rustic home requiring renovations. this is a large 73 acre parcel of land that comes with a house that has been completely stripped down the joists and walls. the home will require a complete rebuild. the land is massive and completely treed. the property is located just minutes away from the awesome blooming point beach as pictured in the aerial photographs. the land sits across the road from the waterfront parcels. located a short drive into the capital city, and surrounded by golf courses, beaches, fishing, trails, kayaking, and more. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! click on the multimedia link to view the youtube video and many more photos. be sure to subscribe!  subscribe to my channel here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  1150 blooming point road, blooming point. price $130,000. cad funds. mls # 16087140 (a)  prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate, cavendish real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this property is located near blooming point beach, north shore, charlottetown, scotchfort, tracadie cross, point desrouche, savage harbour, delvay, tracadie bay.  located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by:    this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   check out the 2012 video here:    michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek blooming point
charlottetown condo for sale $74,888. next to upei university of prince edward island 13 browns ct.  | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  13 browns court, unit 104, charlottetown, pe, ca.  attention university of prince edward island students, and future upei students. do not rent when you can own your own quality condo in a newer brick building only steps away from campus. why pay rent of $1200 or more, when you can pay a mortgage of only $283 with 20% down. stay in one room, and rent the other to pay for your mortgage. browns court in charlottetown just off the main street that runs along the university is a great place to live, with easy access to the complete facilities, and the bus. also close to shopping, entertainment, malls, plazas, restaurants, and more. buy your quality condo today for this bargain price!  located near charlottetown, winsloe, stratford, east royalty, west royalty, sherwood, parkdale, brighten, spring park, belvedere, & charlottetown airport.  located in charlottetown, east of cavendish, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by: "funky chunk" kevin macleod (incompetech.com), licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 15081735  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek condo
326 carefoot drive white gull private peaceful setting on a lakefront lot at baptiste lake. this quaint cabin is set on a larger irregular shaped lakefront lot that is nestled in the trees and offers a reasonable amount of privacy compared to others. perfect set up for the nature lover or outdoor enthusiast. enjoy fishing, skiing, or just sitting around the fire listening to the sounds of nature at your fingertips. cozy 3 bedroom cabin has a 3 pce bathroom, fully furnished and is serviced with holding tanks for water and sewer, power and propane. great for recreational getaway.    music "acoustic breeze" provide by  athabasca alberta real estate home sales rural athabasca county shahira bury lake front summer village white gull yuneec aerial rain lake summer cabin back forty photography drone baptiste lake
views from 124 wilson's beach, gull lake ab year round lake front lifestyle on the sunny side of gull lake! centrally located just west of lacombe at wilsons beach. on local school bus route, this completely renovated, west facing home has breath taking views of the lake!  with extensive renovations completed, appraiser says the effective age of this gorgeous property is only 9 years! all 3 west decks have amazing 180 degree lake views. lower deck wired for your hot tub, fenced and landscaped yard with direct access to municipal reserve, community beach and dock.  with 2 garages and an expansive east deck off master bedroom, this 5 bed, 3 bath, 2872 sq ft home provides a true sense of lifestyle living. fully renovated, the list is extensive; new shingles, siding and insulation; triple pane windows; solid hardwood throughout main floor; lower level carpet; ceramic tile floors and back splashes; bathroom fixtures, corner soaker tub; custom cabinets throughout; high efficiency furnace and a/c; hot water on demand; culligan water filtration system,  pump & pressure tank for well; fire/sound proofing insulation; basement has spray foam insulation; in floor heat in lower entry level; upgraded electrical panel; switches and light fixtures, garden shed; garage doors and openers. also this home features;  main floor laundry; 2 quartz faced  wood fireplaces, surround sound wiring and speakers for your home theatre; heated unattached garage/shop with 220 power and a newer 2000 gallon pump out tank. wow!! its all been done for you!   agents with buyers welcome!     real estate lake house home for sale gull lake wilson's beach lake front red deer calgary edmonton beach boating summer lifestyle lake living house for sale lake front property alberta (canadian province) canada (country)
carleton place - ottawa real estate - ottawa living carleton place is a community on ontarios mississippi river and just thirty minutes outside of ottawa to the southwest. accessible via the 417 to highway 7 where it sits at the intersection of three of canadas major highways. it is a self-sustained quaint little neighbourhood with a local economy comprised of some technological development companies along with big box retailers and smaller local shops. additionally there is the carleton place hospital located on the west end of town on high st.   the area has seen a growth spurt with the expansion of highway 7 and the downtown area has seen a significant facelift. the community holds over 10,000 people and surrounds both sides of the mississippi river, which is one of the many tributaries that branch off of the ottawa river.   local attractions include their hockey team, the carleton place canadians, canoeing or kayaking through the rapids in the mississippi river, and hiking the trails along the mississippi valley. occasional sightings of bald eagles fishing might catch your eye in the o-kee-lee park, along the trans-canada trail and the water gate nature trail where you can find the old arklan limestone mill.  carleton place is great place to live with various attractions for everyone to enjoy, including the farmers market, santa clause parade, dragon boat festival, bridge street bazaar, classic car show and more. when you settle into this quiet, little community you will find that is has everything you need to raise a family.   carleton place (city/town/village) ottawa (city/town/village) real estate condos houses homes
hillside beach cottage for sale - manitoba beautiful custom built 4-seasons cottage or home in hillside beach, manitoba.  walking distance to beach.  adjacent lot available.  pride of ownership obvious. cottage manitoba house deck for sale real estate winnipeg home st pierre realty st pierre camping
belle river over 1 mile of waterfront acreage with 2 heritage homes near charlottetown, wood islands you have to watch the video to get a full appreciation of this awesome sandy beach waterfront property with over 4165 feet of waterfront, 78 acres of land, and two free heritage cottages. this parcel includes 66.45 acres of cultivated farmland, a 1.5 storey - 4 bedroom home, and a 2 bedroom guest home located on the property offering panoramic ocean views of the straight, nova scotia, and local boating activities. this property is extremely private, and is accessible from a long private laneway; perfect for building your luxury waterfront estate. approximately 5 minutes to wood islands ferry, and 35 minutes to charlottetown. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! click on the multimedia link to view the youtube video and many more photos. be sure to subscribe!  subscribe to my channel here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  belle river, prince edward island. price $449,000. cad funds. mls # 16087507  prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate, cavendish real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this property is located near wood islands, belle river, wood islands west, flat river, melville, little sands, northumberland provincial park, wood islands ferry, high bank.  located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by:    this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism homes house development recreational residential investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek belle river acres acrege beach heritage home
100 acres land was sold in bancroft ontario area 100 acres private was sold just north of bancroft ontario.  the property was sold in may 2014........ excellent hunting and building lot site. mature forest, goodkey creek flows through property with speckled trout. there is lots of wildlife activity here. the video stops just before the main start of the forest. this is a walk through where this used to be 20 acres clear and was used as pasture for cows back in the 50' - 60's. it is now slowly growing in. the rest is the mature original forest. the property has been flagged along it's perimeter to show the property line. land for sale 100 acres for sale bancroft ontario hunting on 100 acres for sale vacant land for sale buy 100 acres now hunting fishing camping building lot for sale private land for sale ne ontario goodkey creek real estate
scoop rapids 07 northern sask big john and lucky labre shoot the scoop class 4 rapids. scoop rapids northern sask class4 web series water sport
yamaha superjet , otter creek labrador a couple friends trying out the're superjets in the wake of my bayliner trophy otter creek labrador yamaha superjet bayliner trophy jet ski's
prince edward island oceanfront real estate for sale; seaview pei 2 waterfront lots  | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  seaview, c0b 1m0 there are very few oceanfront or waterfront properties for sale in prince edward island canada that offer such a commanding view of the high seas. that may be why this area commands some of the highest prices for beachfront building lots in this entire atlantic province. from the exceptional panoramic views of the ocean high atop this elevated viewpoint, the dramatic sounds of the ocean, and the awesome breath-taking sunrises and sunsets, this property has it all at a discounted price. these massive double sized fully cleared pei building lots are ready for your beach house or summer dream home. there are very few lots available in this location, so now is your chance to live your pei island dream. you will be surrounded with some of the best of the best in prince edward island homes. come to sea view, and take your breath away. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! see youtube video attached. click on multimedia link to view. be sure to subscribe! located near park corner, darnley, baltic, spring valley, irishtown, long river, new london, springbrook, malpeque bay, gulf of st. lawrence.   located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at   visit my pei blogs  add me as a friend on facebook  & google plus  connect and recommend me on linkedin    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, reddit, snapchat, and instagram.  royalty free music provided by: "presenterator" kevin macleod, (incompetech.com) licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 15077114, and 15077113.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
anne of green gables house for sale prince edward  island  | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  4606 route 20, park corner, c0b 1m0  prince edward island waterfront real estate; year round home that can also be used as a summer cottage in one of the most scenic locations on the island, backing onto a pond, and in front of the anne of green gables museum. also, close to the best beaches on the island, and easy access to charlottetown and summerside. the lake of shining waters (campbells pond) is in the backyard along with rolling countryside. some features include; walk-out basement for future development, lots of pine, sunlight and comfortable living space. this home comes completely furnished and also has a built-in murphy bed. the owner says this house will accommodate 8 people. the master bedroom has a balcony overlooking the pond. garden doors in the living room lead to a deck for seasonal enjoyment. murphy bed in den for extra company. wildlife, ducks and birds surround you.  located near park corner, baltic, seaview, french river, long river, spring valley, new london, margate, burlington, darnley, springbrook. located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at   visit my pei blogs  add me as a friend on facebook  & google plus  connect and recommend me on linkedin    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, reddit, snapchat, and instagram.  royalty free music provided by: "unity" kevin macleod (incompetech.com), licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada.  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 15079453.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale michaelpoczynek michael poczynek park corner anne of green gables (book)
(sold) prince edward island canada oceanfront mansion cable head east real estate for sale subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  576 cable head east # rte 336, cable head east, c0b 1m0. prince edward island, canada.  price $4,750,000. cdn., approx. $3,480,000. usd.   this spectacular north shore architectural gem, sits on a bluff facing the awesome expanse of the atlantic ocean. nestled in the natural landscape of 11 acres, this 13,500 sq ft home was designed by a nationally renowned american architect who also oversaw every detail of construction. no expense was spared in the construction of this home from the foundation of reinforced poured concrete to roof of western red cedar; every effort was made to build a house meant to last generations. the exterior of the house features cape cod siding & imported pennsylvania field stone from valley forge mountain. the stone walls as well as all of the patios are capped in pennsylvania flag stone, giving the house a natural feel that blends into the surrounding landscape. windows are all pella architectural series windows. these solid wood windows feature aluminum cladding on the exterior as well as vivid view screens. located near nufrage, monticello, goose river, cable head east, cable head west, st. peters, greenwich, st. peters bay, red head, midgell, morell, greenwich national park.  located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  royalty free music provided by: kevin macleod (incompetech.com)  licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0   michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 13070000  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront tourism summerside homes house recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek cable head east toronto vancouver estate real ontario
waterfront cottage for sale with extra oceanfront lot included in prince edward island canada. price reduced to $145,000.  | charlottetown real estate | stratford real estate | summerside real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei  toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860 and (902)626-6912. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description: 30 perry lane, union corner prince edward island waterfront cottage for sale with an extra waterfront lot, amazing beach, superb panoramic ocean views (including confederation bridge/new brunswick), two outbuildings, property management, cleaning, and lawn care available on site. you will not find a cleaner, better maintained, and cozier cottage in pei. yes, is it just minutes away from summerside in union corner (west of charlottetown). located on the south shore you will also benefit from amazing southern sun exposure, and the warmest waters north of the carolinas. great neighbours, completely private, and located on a dead end lane. this could be your perfect summer home or a rental income cottage. sell the extra lot to reduce the cost, or build on it later. you can eat off the floors of this summer home. do not delay, make your offer today! located near miscouche, wellington, slemon park, summerside airport, summerside, sherbrooke, st. nicholas, union corner, linkletter, lot 16, and muddy creek. located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. properties for sale in summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at     royalty free music provided by: "guts and bourbon" kevin macleod (incompetech.com), licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860 and (902)626-6912.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)  mls id # 15079064.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com pei real estate video prince edward island video charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
stanley bridge prince edward island real estate for sale with acreage 76 eagle crest drive pei  | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  76 eagle crest dr, stanley bridge, c0a 1e0 prepare to be amazed and astonished by some of the best hilltop panoramic rolling hills views in prince edward island in the fabulous sought after stanley bridge resort area. if you have a taste for exceptional views of rolling hills, access to rivers and oceanfront beaches, enjoy privacy, and want some acreage with potential for a private lane way then this pei property is for you! do not drag your feet on this one, as the last one i had in this area sold instantly with multiple offers. property and house are very well done, clean, tastefully decorated, and include a private fenced in yard. the owner also has a number of other parcels of land available around the house to give you that much more elbow room. the one two acre parcel in front of the house that hosts a long treed private lane is available for a very reasonable $35,000. (pid 505396).  located near new london bay, springbrook, gulf of st. lawrence, hope river, french river, mayfield, cavendish, north granville, anne of green gables.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at   visit my pei blogs  add me as a friend on facebook  & google plus  connect and recommend me on linkedin    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, reddit, snapchat, and instagram.  royalty free music provided by: "aurea carmina" kevin macleod (incompetech.com), licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,    mls id # 15080396.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
kensington home on an acre with workshop/garage west of charlottetown prince edward island  | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  207 old summerside road, kensington  kensington country living in the town. 100 year old+/- country home on a large lovely private acreage with mature trees, and a separate wood wooding shop and/or garage/workshop. this home has all the charm of a beautiful older home with all the updates. it is located within walking distance to town, and offers all the amenities of kensington including restaurants, shopping, pharmacy, bars, social clubs, and walking trails. this home is really well done, and has the original pristine hardwood floors through. your new home is warm, spacious, and energy efficient.  price $164,000. cdn.  located near clermont, kelvin grove, norboro, new annan, lower new annan, travellers rest, kelvin grove, wilmot valley, grahams road. springfield, and burlington.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and kensington. east of confederation bridge in borden and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by: "son of a rocket" kevin macleod (incompetech.com), licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 15082226.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek kensington
75 riverview drive fortune bridge waterfront home subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  75 riverview road, fortune bridge.  picturesque setting, privacy plus a new home on the water! this package is sure to impress whether you are looking for year round or a second home, this quality build icf home is perfect for all. situated on the fortune river, and within 10 minutes of the quaint community of souris, and a short drive to 2015s #1 canadian beach, basin head and singing sands beach! large deck on waterfront side of home is perfect for entertaining, and enjoying no matter the time of day in the quiet setting. step inside this beautiful 3 bedroom, with master with private ensuite, plus open concept living space featuring cathedral ceiling with stunning herring bone detailed finish on interior wall, so whether you are looking towards the water and enjoying the eagles soar and the boaters traveling the water way or looking inside you will appreciate all this property has to offer and be in awe both inside and out. property video to debut this spring season!  price $339,900.  located near rollo bay, fortune bridge, bay fortune, eglington, howe bay, little pond, annandale, souris, souris west, spry point, st. georges, launching.  located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, & summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by:    this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 16085054  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
71 riverview drive fortune waterfront log cabin log home in prince edward island subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  71 riverview road, fortune bridge.  water front log cabin available on pei! dreaming of owning a log cabin with a private setting in the woods, only footsteps away from launching your kayak, fishing, enjoying the sounds of the rippling water, your wait is over. this custom built home was made from eastern cedar logs, most of the material used to build this home was either grown or purchased locally. enjoy your time either on the covered verandah overlooking a picturesque forest setting or walk along the path leading to a separate deck, with stairs taking you down to the water with your very own dock. only 5 years old this 2 bedroom, designed for an extra main floor third bedroom or guest room, is sure to impress. large eat in kitchen, with wood stove that can heat the entire home, a superb upper level master and a family room loft overlooking the main floor. you will also find a full bath with claw foot tub, a heated garage and so much more on this property. call today for your private viewing.  price $329,900.  located near rollo bay, fortune bridge, bay fortune, eglington, howe bay, little pond, annandale, souris, souris west, spry point, st. georges, launching.  located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, & summerside.  royalty free music provided by:    this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 16083510  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek loghome log cabin log home
119 mahogany way se, calgary ab t3m 1a1, canada 119 mahogany way se, calgary ab t3m 1a1, canada  tom waller waller real estate group 403.803.5151  view my inventory:   view interactive tour:   mahogany is a 4 season lake community with all sorts of indoor/outdoor activities and programs to enjoy with the kids. the 63 acre lake has an additional 21 acres of beach. enjoy the beach house/lodge, boating, fishing, tennis, basketball courts, beach volleyball, skating, bbq areas, fire pit and more. this trico bellwood model has 2275 sq. ft. of quality living space and backs to a green space. the stucco and stone exterior add to the stately appeal. hardwood flooring throughout the main with tile in the mudroom. beautiful kitchen with a huge island and granite counter tops. walkthru pantry. 2 gas fireplaces, 1 in the main floor family room and 1 in the master bedroom. upstairs laundry. vaulted ceilings in the upstairs bonus room with a built in desk and entertainment centre. 5 piece ensuite bath with 2 sinks, tile flooring and a soaker tub. california closets designed the organizers in the master walkin closet. spacious 2nd & 3rd bedrooms and more. call now to view. ab calgary t3m 1a1 canada 119 mahogany way se real estate tom waller waller real estate group
prince edward island real estate for sale waterfront cottage business turn key east of charlottetown  | charlottetown real estate | stratford real estate | summerside real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860 and (902)626-6912. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  247 fox river rd, murray harbour  prince edward island waterfront cottage business on 30 acres east of charlottetown. completely renovated and turn-key. 5 log sided 2 bedroom cottages, fully equipped, everything new including furnishings, appliances, ac, windows, flooring, roofs, bathroom, flat screen tv, deck/bbq. 4 br house, massive 2 level deck, gazebo, appliances, hardwood & ceramic flooring, all supplies to run business (linens, etc) 2 washers, 2 dryers. 20x40 in ground heated pool, propane heat, new cover, resin chairs and loungers, life jackets. pool building with change rooms, 4 showers/toilets, laundry facility, coin op washers/dryers, vending machine. 40x60 steel work shop. 40 x 12 fitness center with equipment. mezanine, kayaks, pedal boat, mountain bikes. john deere tractor, mower deck, bucket, log splitter, a/c and heat. lawn mower, weed eater, ladders, tools, work benches. 13 fully serviced rv sites. 9 unit motel (needs work). $500k+ spent on renovations. see virtual tour for more info.  located near murray river, murray harbour, high bank, little sands, white sands, dover, point pleasant, alliston, guernsey cove, northumberland provincial park, and hopefield.  located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.   royalty free music provided by: royalty free music provided by: "aurea carmina" kevin macleod (incompetech.com),  licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860 and (902)626-6912.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 15078279.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com pei real estate video prince edward island video charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
prince edward island momma red fox up close in 4k. a rare opportunity to view a real genuine red fox up close in high resolution 4k video.  subscribe to my channel here:    | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada.  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental residential apartment investment retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek red fox fox 4k
red door oyster co cafe prince edward island restaurants places to eat and food pei canada red door oyster co cafe prince edward island restaurants places to eat and food pei canada.  subscribe to my channel here:    | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada.  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental recreational residential atlantic canada retirement video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek stanley bridge places to eat food eat dining pizza
houseboat on shuswap lake upper deck tour tour of the upper deck of my houseboat for sale.  it's located in salmon arm,  on shuswap lake, bc.  view full details here,  shuswap lake (lake) houseboat house boat for sale salmon arm okanagan vessel of fun upper deck tour real estate
prince edward island's most impressive luxury waterfront rental vacation home looking for an out of this world pei vacation rental located right on the oceanfront?  check out cable head east; one of the best locations on the island for white/pink sand beaches, access to several local golf courses, and 30 minutes into charlottetown.  subscribe to my channel here:    | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada.  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental recreational residential apartment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek cable head east vacation rental house for rent house rental
4 rosetta rd, skeleton lake, rural athabasca county endless outdoor activities can be enjoyed all year round from this perfect lakefront retreat.....indoors and outdoors blend seamlessly in this incredible property located at the end of a no exit road near the summer village of mewatha beach. in one of the most desired locations at skeleton lake this two storey year round, fully serviced cabin is set on a naturally beautiful and treed 1 acre parcel of lakefront property. trees, nature, peace and quiet greet you as you enter. views of the lake and private setting are showcased through every window of the kitchen, dining area, living room and upstairs family room. outdoor cooking/entertaining/relaxing are some of the activities that are a natural fit from the large deck off the front. it blends nicely in to the walkway leading down to the water front. enjoy swimming, skiing, boating, fishing or building sand castles at your beach. this very well constructed cabin has everything an active family needs. view on  for more details.     song "bloom" provided by josh woodward.  athabasca alberta real estate home sales rural athabasca county shahira bury lakefront skeleton lake yuneec q500 lake cabin spring water back forty productions lakefront
prince edward island large hilltop home on acreage with workshops 11977 route 6 margate  | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  11977 route #6 margate  most houses are just a place to live, a kitchen, a living room, and some bathrooms. this home is a lifestyle of fun, freedom, and constant entertainment! the experience begins with a short drive up a twisty driveway to the top of a hill where you can see for many miles. your new prince edward island home is situated on almost 5 acres of land with the ability to buy much more as an option potentially making this a fabulous hill top estate. if you are a handyman, or you just like to escape to the workshop, then you will find a massive detached garage workshop large enough to park a tractor-trailer. entering the home from the side entrance you have a woodworking shop, and an extra-large double garage. nothing in your new home is small in scale  not the rooms, hallways, master suite, or common areas. if you would like your new home biggy-sized, then this is for you! wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! see youtube video attached. click on multimedia link to view. be sure to subscribe! located near summerside, kensington, margate, burlington, spring valley, irishtown, clermont, kelvin grove, norboro, new annan, and clinton.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at   visit my pei blogs  add me as a friend on facebook  & google plus  connect and recommend me on linkedin    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, reddit, snapchat, and instagram.  royalty free music provided by: "funky chunk" kevin macleod (incompetech.com), licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 15082463.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
pei real estate confederation bridge view home acres swimming pool west of charlottetown  | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  1746 route 10, cape traverse  everyone seems to be looking for that private prince edward island country home thats newer on acreage. today is the day that you have found it! your new pei dream home comes complete with incredible water views from most windows, a view of confederation bridge, & the sand dunes. wait, theres more: it comes with an extra-large lot protected with trees, & a biggie sized deck complete with a swimming pool. this is the perfect house for entertaining, & it offers many features of an older more traditional home including a grand entrance, wide hallways, double closets, over-sized rooms, but in a modern home! some of the best pei beaches and golf courses are close by, and you have easy access to charlottetown, summerside, borden, and the bridge  instant access to ns & nb. if you like country and water views, then you have to see this well done home. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! see youtube video attached. click on multimedia link to view. be sure to subscribe!  located near cape traverse, augustine cove, chelton, confederation bridge, fernwood, borden, north carleton, albany, north tryon, bedeque.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by: "local forecast" kevin macleod (incompetech.com), licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 15082045.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation summerside homes house rental recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek confederation bridge (bridge) canadian confederation
prince edward island, atlantic canada, bed & breakfast for sale.   7910 cavendish road pei prince edward island, atlantic canada, bed & breakfast for sale.  adjacent to cavendish national park.  adjacent to the national park on picturesque route 6, just 3 km east of cavendish, this home is perfectly situated in peis most popular vacation region.  in just a few short minutes you can be strolling one of canadas top ten beaches or golfing on an award-winning course. a lively summer atmosphere offers lots of, dinning options, festivals, theater, shopping, fishing, history and much more. off season enjoy quiet out door activities, your own tropical indoor pool and the convenience of being part of an active and friendly fishing village community.  this property has undergone over $250,000 in upgrades and additions in the past 5 years. the new 1,300 square foot pool room, lagoon shaped saltwater pool and commercial grade ventilation system which maintains the pool at a tropical 87 degrees year-round, is a must see. a totally remodeled kitchen offers loads of counters and well planed storage space. the kitchen is designed to health department specifications and includes 4 separate sinks and room for multiple appliances. bathrooms, plumbing and heating systems have also been upgraded as well as several cosmetic upgrades.  6 elegant guest rooms with en-suite are located on the second floor separate from the owners quarters, providing for lots of privacy. this property also boasts a 1,500, square foot great room and 2 large 2 bedroom apartments, a spacious 3 car garage, laundry / mud room and plenty of storage options. the property sits on 2.3 manicured acres with easy to maintain perennial flower beds, bushes and fruit producing trees. a south facing interlocking brick patio with direct access to the pool room is great for relaxing.  a large paved parking area and small barn round out this property.  currently being operated as a profitable and popular 5 star (tripadvisor) b&b and may be negotiated as a full turnkey operation. this property has great revenue growth potential.  subscribe to my channel here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  7910 cavendish road, north rustico  price $599,000. cad funds. mls # 7176636 and 7178646  toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this property is located near north rustico, rustico, cavendish, rusticoville, mayfield, rustico bay, stanley bridge, hope river, new glasgow.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  royalty free music provided by:   track: bcc-031814-upbeat-fresh-playful-pop-336  this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. vacation tourism summerside homes house recreational residential investment atlantic canada retirement photos video property properties cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek b&b bed and breakfast bed & breakfast for sale indoor pool
1220 panmure island road panmure island prince edward island waterfront estate house and cottage prince edward island waterfront estate for sale including a luxurious georgian 5000+ square foot colonial mansion and separate guest house/cottage nestled on a massive private and secluded 23.7 acre partially treed landscaped parcel with a nice sandy beach overlooking cardigan bay (many aerial photos on my website). this exclusive one of a kind escape is located on panmure island, pei, accessible by a breathtaking causeway, and only a few hundred feet away from panmure island provincial park; featuring endless sand dunes, white sandy beach, 4 lighthouses, plus numerous amenities to make this property one of the most unique opportunities in pei. perfect for the outdoor enthusiast and activities like jogging, walking, kayaking, boating, canoeing, cross country skiing, snowmobiling, and bird watching. special care and loving attention has been given to the custom design, quality, and craftsmanship of these lovely homes. the main house has been operated as a luxury high-end 4.5 star bed and breakfast with a guest cottage. the waterfront guest cottage is completely private from the house, offers a separate driveway, and could potentially be severed off and sold separately down the road if the new buyer wishes. the main house is super energy efficient and offers a state-of-the-art insulated concrete foundation (icf). the basement and third floor (finished to drywall level) remain unfinished and could potentially add over 1000 square feet to the home; the perfect place for a games room, pool table, office space, or additional living quarters. some of the features of this fine home and estate include: anderson windows and doors complimenting the many views of the ocean, two second floor decks plus a screened in room on the main floor, cherry staircase, floors, oak kitchen, whirlpools, ensuite bathrooms, and private verandas. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! click on the multimedia link to view the youtube video, aerial photos, & feature sheets.  subscribe to my channel here:   see the complete package here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  1220 panmure island road, murray river, prince edward island, c0a1r0  price $895,000. plus hst cad funds. approx. $679,000 usd.  mls number: 201620403 mls link:    | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  this property is located near panmure island road, panmure island provincial park, st. marys bay, gaspereaux, murray harbour north, peters road, murray harbour, georgetown, albion, sturgeon, point pleasant.   located east of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  royalty free music provided by:   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism homes house rental recreational residential investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties michaelpoczynek michael poczynek panmure island panmure island b&b bed and breakfast bed & breakfast
quarter ownership at the old house village suites! for more details click here:   212c - 1730 riverside lane courtenay, bc v9n 8c7 $49,900, mls# 365734  investment opportunity! quarter ownership at the old house village suites and spa in the beautiful comox valley. the comox valley offers endless recreational opportunities including skiing, fishing, boating, kayaking, golfing & the list goes on... the old house is a great opportunity for anyone who would like to have a recreational property without the hassle of taking care of it. the old house village suites & spa is an upscale resort that has underground parking, meeting facility, luxurious spa, outdoor pool & hot tub area. this deluxe studio unit overlooks the pool and river. call for further details!   presented by: dave procter, re/max ocean pacific realty 250-339-2021 view my inventory:  dave procter re/max ocean pacific realty 212c - 1730 riverside lane courtenay bc v9n 8c7 v9n 8c7 homes for sale in courtenay home for sale real estate virtual tour video tour visualtour
bellingham washington real estate - great fishing locations washington bellingham washington real estate  3br/2.50ba single family home year built 1973 square footage 1450 bedrooms 3 bathrooms 2.50 lot size 20,000 sq. ft. hoa/maint $0 monthly mls number 941141  description: fantastic income potential while living lakeside on double waterfront lot. 40 years in family & sad to sell. cozy 3 level chalet-style home has amazing panoramic views & spacious triple decks with extensive renovations using glass & vaulted ceilings. new roof & loft skylight in 2014. workshop.outside cabin for adventures. lower level is self contained for independent living or to help pay down your mortgage fast. enjoy the peace and serenity of emerald lake while just 5 miles from bellingham, wa  driving directions: from i-5, take sunset drive exit to britton road, to emerald lake way, to diamond loop, to pebble beach trail.1933 pebble beach trail is the first house on left.  additional link:   open house schedule: sunday, june 5th from 1:00 pm to 4:00 pm  schools: district: bellingham; elementary: northern heights; junior: shuksan; senior: squalicum;  features:  view      lake     mountain  features      boat house     cable tv     deck     dock     high speed internet     moorage     outbuildings     patio     propane     shop  parking      off-street  roof      composition  energy features      electric     propane     wood  comfort      baseboard     central a/c     forced air     heat pump     insert     free standing stove  floor covering      laminate     wall to wall carpet  additional features      bath off master     ceiling fan     dining room     double pane/storm windows     fireplace in master br     jetted/soaking tub     loft     skylights     vaulted ceilings     2nd kitchen     2nd master  appliances      dishwasher     dryer     microwave     range/oven     refrigerator     washer  community      boat launch     private beach access     google photos:   picasa web:   panoramio:      bellingham washington real estate great fishing locations washington 1933 pebble beach trail bellingham wa investor property deals bellingham real estate investment property usa vacation rentals by owner for sale in washington
for sale waterfront cottage beautiful totally updated cottage on 6 acres! located on a very private and quiet bay with 320 ft of walk-on waterfront and breathtaking views of bridge lake. situated on hwy #24 midway between little fort and 100 mile house it is in the heart of the interlakes highway better known as the fishing highway. minutes away from 125 other recreational lakes all within 1/2 hr. drive. bridge lake is the most sought after lake in the heart of the cariboo with the property being situated on the south east side of a private bay with stunning views. sit back and enjoy the sunrises and the sunsets.  location: bridge lake, bc   canada   v0k1e0  more info & 360 virtual tour:   cottage cottage for sale waterfront property bridge lake real estate for sale waterfront cottage
151 chignell road this beautiful south western facing log home with acreage is centrally located in recreational paradise.  surrounded by fantastic views of the coast mountain range where wildlife abounds and fishing is plentiful in the nearby lakes. only 9km west of the community of tatla lake where you will find local amenities such as groceries, small family style restaurant, k-9 school, post office, library, community hall and nursing clinic. land for sale property for sale by owner real estate chilcotin fsbo homes for sale view british columbia interior property for sale british columbia interior (location) british columbia mountain cariboo chilcotin
297 enman shore road enmore; massive deal!  $159k  almost new and waterfront! subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand aerial hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  297 enman shore road, enmore, prince edward island.  check out the best buy on a practically brand new waterfront home at a massive $100k discount, 6+ acres of land, privacy, seclusion, and panoramic water views  all protected by a long lane-way with a cast iron gate. the second floor of this very well built home offers you spectacular water and treed wilderness views up and down the shoreline. this spotless and very well maintained escape has hardwood & ceramic floors, an open concept to take advantage of the breathtaking views, and has been designed to allow an abundance of natural light throughout the home. the open concept plan is perfect for entertaining, and the third garage bay could be converted into an additional living space; bedroom, den, office, or library. situated on a very quiet paved dead end road that terminates at a nice sandy beach & some of the best fishing the island has to offer. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! see youtube video attached. click on multimedia link to view. be sure to subscribe!  price $159,000.  located near enmore, north enmore, victoria west, richmond, wellington, springhill, mount pleasant, abram village, urbainville.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  royalty free music provided by:    this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 16086368  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek 297 enmane shore road enmore
pei waterfront cottage for sale 17322 route 12 central kildare prince edward island reduced to $99,000 for quick sale!  | charlottetown real estate | pei real estate | prince edward island real estate.  subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  17322 route 12, central kildare, c0b 2b0  private, completely renovated, super clean, waterfront cottage on a large lot on the gulf of st. lawrence (oceanfront). located at the shore with a beautiful beach at central kildare pei. master bedroom is located on the main floor w/ensuite bath. open concept living room, and a bright kitchen. large open concept second floor with dividers for privacy hosting four beds for guests. features a convenient walk out deck for watching the ocean and morning sunrises. there is an additional garden shed for storage. cottage has vinyl siding, vinyl windows. this would make a great artist retreat, a personal summertime get-a-way or an investment for summer rentals for visitors. property is easily accessible year round, and has mature spruce trees on both sides and frontage on road. two well-built decks, two sets of patio doors and the world outside your door. also features three way rv hookup outside with water, electrical and septic. located off a paved primary paved road. located near north cape, seacow pond, anglo tignish, norway, nail pond, judes point, tignish shore, st. felix, kildare, jacques cartier park.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  direct link to photos and videos at:    and   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at   visit my pei blogs  add me as a friend on facebook  & google plus  connect and recommend me on linkedin    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, reddit, snapchat, and instagram.  royalty free music provided by: "notanico merengue" kevin macleod, (incompetech.com) licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0,   mls id # 15080039.  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
724 big tancook island road, big tancook island, nova scotia, b0j 3g0 does your family need a summer blockbuster?  take a sail over to big tancook island and discover your secret seaside paradise!  you'll be happy as can be when you are relaxing by the sea at 724 big tancook island road, off nova scotia's south shore.   this three-bedroom, one-bath bungalow features a spectacular panoramic view of the ocean. watch fishing boats come and go as you enjoy your breakfast, stroll down to your shore lot, and pick a bouquet of wildflowers on the way home.   the spacious family kitchen offers lots of storage and counter space, making it perfect for hosting large gatherings with family and friends.   sitting on a 1.39-acre lot with a commanding view of mahone bay, this property was once used for growing a variety of crops. a large workshop and two sheds can hold all your gardening tools and toys.   take the ferry from chester, turn left from the wharf at big tancook island and discover your new getaway a short 10-minute walk down the road.  for sale $139,900.00 | mls 201613579  presented by john pearce, royal lepage atlantic 902-229-9225 | jpearce@royallepage.ca real estate nova scotia john pearce royal lepage atlantic
prince edward island waterfront; an introduction to sunbury cove estates 2015. subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  sunbury cove estates overview for 2015, st. nicholas, prince edward island, canada.  sunbury cove estates is prince edward island`s #1 luxury waterfront community complete with underground services. imagine owning a piece of this idyllic waterfront community. your corner of the world to escape, relax and unwind. picture perfect views from every angle, the warm waters of the northumberland strait, golden sunsets and nature at its best make this one of the most desirable locations in pei. view of confederation bridge & 2 lighthouses included. all lots have panoramic views. see sunburycove.com for more info. 6 miles from summerside, & close to slemon park airport. most lots sold before advertised or on mls. year round access, miles of beach, privately maintained roads, on-site maintenance people; grass cutting, snow removal, security walk-throughs available, and high speed internet service. wow! exciting youtube video attached. click on multimedia link to view  located near miscouche, wellington, slemon park, summerside airport, summerside, sherbrooke, st. nicholas, union corner, linkletter, lot 16, and muddy creek.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by: "groundwork" kevin macleod (incompetech.com)  licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 15077115  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
confederation bridge view house for sale 169 borden avenue, borden-carleton prince edward island canada home on the base of the world-famous confederation bridge with awesome panoramic red sandy beach and water views. now is your chance to own a completely renovated home in a great location with easy access to new brunswick, nova scotia, summerside, charlottetown, and all the fun and excitement of the local attractions and gateway village. some of the features of this well maintained home include the charm and character of yesteryear with hardwood floors, bc fir trim, french doors along with many modern touches and recent improvements. vinyl windows throughout, concrete floor in basement and garage added in the past couple of years. this is a must see if you are looking an older home with massive appeal inside and out. wait theres more: a second water view building lot is included in the price. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! click on the multimedia link to view the youtube video, many more photos, and aerial photographs. be sure to subscribe!  subscribe to my channel here:   pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  169 borden avenue, borden-carleton price $99,900. cad funds. mls # 201624799  prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate, cavendish real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling, renting, leasing, or buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs (bed and breakfast), lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now!  this property is located near confederation bridge, borden, borden-carleton, albany, bedeque, fernwood, chelton, cape traverse, augustine cove.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, at the base of confederation bridge in borden, and east of kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, redm, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by:   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863. po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house residential investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties bank stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek confedertion bridge borden carleton
17 seasons blvd. seaview prince edward island cottage for sale subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for on-demand aerial hd video and photographs.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  17 seasons blvd., seaview, pe, ca  check out this beach!  yes i am yelling!  you need to see this.  this is what you are buying into: one of the best north shore oceanfront beaches in prince edward island.  no kidding.  take a walk for a few miles (cant do this everywhere), and check it out.  you cant do this in cavendish!  this cottage is one of 3 very high quality cottages located in a super prime central location with access to, thats right, the beach in the pictures.  buy one cottage or all three.  there is massive rental potential (i have property managers on speed dial), or maybe you just want a fabulous summer getaway spot or family compound.  not only do you get a really nice beach, you are located on a hill so you can see for miles including sand dunes, a pond, the shore, and nature at its best!  come and explore your new relaxing pei beach house lifestyle.  wow! 24 hour a day open house on video!  see youtube video attached.  click on multimedia link to view.  be sure to subscribe!  price $169,900. cdn.  located near seaview, kensington, park corner, darnley, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, new london, baltic, spring valley, burlington, clinton, & margate.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, north east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  royalty free music provided by:   this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or (902)888-8860.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 16084410  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek seaview 17 seasons
sunshine coast homes- 4681 francis peninsula rd., pender harbour, british columbia contact dave milligan to view: info@sunshinecoasthomes.com or phone 1 800 792 7719. find more information about this listing at   a seaside delight! picture yourself owning this enchanting waterfront retreat, complete with 60' x 10' dock, on a tranquil bay on 1.243 private acres.  this gorgeous 4 bedroom and 3 bathroom oceanfront home includes a secured commercial foreshore, plus a very nice manufactured home on the far backside of property for extra guests, extra revenue or caretaker!    location: 4681 francis peninsula road, madeira park, british columbia, canada  see our virtual tour:  real estate sunshine coast british columbia pender harbour waterfront dock acreage ocean view property aerial view
the forks river trail travel manitoba's friendly mascot toba plays some hockey and makes new friends skating along the forks river trail in winnipeg, mb  travel manitoba 2013 the forks river trail manitoba travel winter holidays snow sport skate skating hockey warming huts canada ice polar bear mascot toba hygge woolhaus big city
1844 lyle road central lot 16 mini farm for sale subscribe to my channel here:   prince edward island real estate, pei real estate, charlottetown real estate, stratford real estate, summerside real estate, brighton real estate, winsloe real estate, east royalty real estate, west royalty real estate, sherwood real estate, spring park real estate, parkdale real estate, hillsborough park real estate, north rustico real estate, lantern hill real estate.   | subscribe now to prince edward islands real estate super channel featuring the 24 hour a day open house.  receive charlottetown & pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you instantly.  please subscribe, like, share, embed, and comment.  be sure to visit my pei videos  selling in pei  and buying in pei   toll free 1-888-295-6863, (902)626-6912 charlottetown, and (902)888-8860 summerside. michael poczynek, charlottetown & summerside realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, mred, is your high definition real estate agent  marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in charlottetown or prince edward island canada.    prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&bs, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golf, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting, or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement properties contact michael poczynek now  pei crea mls (realtor.ca) description:  1844 lyle road, central lot 16, pei  prince edward island mini-farm for sale at a very low price! located only a few minutes from summerside. with over 9 acres of land and 5 outbuildings, there is plenty of space for all your pets, horse, toys, and equipment. this very well kept and maintained 2.5 storey home features 4 bedrooms, 2 baths, kitchen, dining room, living room, parlor and family room. the concrete floor in the basement and the walk-up attic provide lots of storage room or expansion space. the stately home features original woodwork, wainscoting, and hardwood floors. there is a front and back stairway. wow! 24 hour a day open house on video! see youtube video attached. click on multimedia link to view. be sure to subscribe!  price $179,900. cdn.  located near miscouche, wellington, slemon park, summerside airport, summerside, sherbrooke, st. nicholas, union corner, linkletter, lot 16, and muddy creek.  located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside.  this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in charlottetown, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, oleary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997.  royalty free music provided by:    this video pre and post-production by:    michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, mred, realtor/real estate agent, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)626-6912 or 1-888-295-6863.  po box 1475, summerside, pe, c1n 4k4, canada, and po box 2514, charlottetown, prince edward island, c1a 8c2, canada. realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association)   mls id # 16086718  video youtube link:   michaels custom pei home for sale url:   michaelpoczynek michaelshomes.com michaelshomeshd.com michaelsadvantages.com michael poczynek michael.poczynek@gmail.com michael@michaelshomes.com hd.michaelshomes.com buyers.michaelshomes.com sellers.michaelshomes.com charlottetown real estate pei prince edward island canada century21 c21 century 21 realtor real estate agent listing crea p.e.i. waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside homes house rental development recreational residential apartment investment atlantic canada retirement aerial photos video property properties foreclosure bank mortgage sale cavendish stratford winsloe east royalty west royalty brighton victoria park michaelpoczynek michael poczynek
lakefront baptiste lake rural athabasca county lakefront!! this fully serviced 5 bedroom cabin is perfect for your year round recreational use. surround yourself with the beautiful scenery this quiet area at baptiste lake offers. enjoy summer fishing, water skiing, & quadding or getaway from the city on winter weekends to enjoy skidooing, skating and ice fishing. the opportunities are endless. with 5 bedrooms, a full bathroom and a cozy finished basement there is room for the whole family to enjoy. whether you are tinkering in the workshop, sitting on the deck with your morning coffee or curling up by the campfire at night, it really caters to all ages and needs. within 2 hours of edmonton and area and close to all amenities of athabasca. a great place to get away from it all! mls#39955 $269,900.00     music "frannie" supplied by josh woodward.  athabasca alberta real estate home sales rural athabasca county shahira bury lakefront real estate rural real estate lakefront baptiste lake home for sale lakefront for sale drone video yuneec typhoon back forty productions white gull alberta
724 big tancook island road, big tancook island, nova scotia, b0j 3g0 take a sail over to big tancook island and discover your own seaside paradise!  you'll be happy as can be when you are relaxing by the sea at 724 big tancook island road, off nova scotia's south shore.   this three-bedroom, one-bath bungalow features a spectacular panoramic view of the ocean. watch fishing boats come and go as you enjoy your breakfast, stroll down to your shore lot, and pick a bouquet of wildflowers on the way home.   the spacious family kitchen offers plenty of storage and counter space, making it perfect for hosting large gatherings with family and friends.   sitting on a 1.39-acre lot with a commanding view of mahone bay, this property was once used for growing a variety of crops. a large workshop and two sheds can hold all your gardening tools and toys.   take the ferry from chester, turn left from the wharf at big tancook island and discover your new getaway a short 10-minute walk down the road.  for sale $139,900.00 | mls 201613579  presented by john pearce, royal lepage atlantic 902-229-9225 | jpearce@royallepage.ca real estate nova scotia waterfront john pearce royal lepage atlantic
private island for sale - pardsay crag island private island for sale - pardsay crag island  if you are looking for a private island for sale, you must see this.  mcgregor bay in ontario, canada is a popular vacation island destination.  this private 13 acre island retreat is located in a preferred location with plenty of privacy.  it is a perfect summer camp for the family with lots of room for entertaining the extended family and friends.  there are gorgeous views of surrounding islands and mountains in a pristine natural surrounding of granite rock, white pines and the most beautiful boating waters in the area.  for the fisherman, this area is renowned for its bass, pike and muskie fishing. there is direct water access to the north channel/lake huron/georgian bay area and a short boat ride to plenty of popular boating areas for day trips to killarney etc.  also close proximity to killarney provincial park.  don't miss this opportunity to own a piece of paradise with some intriguing history.  want to know more about private islands?  see   contact us now to see this and other wonderful private islands for sale, at  private island for sale private islands for sale private island private islands real estate killarney ontario canada pardsay crag island
take off marathon rwy 16 cockpit taking off from marathon, ontario, canada, runway 16, cockpit view. recorded at the start of the 4th leg of john lovelace's cross canada century of flight, "the canadian shield bush pilot flight", in pacific flying club's c-172xp, c-giwm. aerial scenic flying take off cysp marathon ontario c-172xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace cross canada century flight
aerial fort good hope nwt canada aerial panoramic view (zoomed in view) of fort good hope in canada's vast arctoc outback of the north west territory, showing the old (now abandoned) fort good hope airfield north of the village, which is right on the mackenzie river, then fort good hope itself, followed by fort good hope aerodrome south of the village, followed by the forest fires 29 nautical miles (53 km) to the east then continuing around to the south and west as the mackenzie river was on the west side of the aircraft during the next stage of our flight. filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the sixth leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we head south east towards our refueling stop at norman wells, nwt. aerial canada scenic flying arctic forest fires mackenzie river fort good hope north west territory tundra nwt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
float flying at comox lake the day started out with pouring rain and high winds, but early in the afternoon the winds died and the clouds lifted, so a hearty few of us enjoyed an afternoon of float flying at comox lake. this video is taken from my 60" scratch built twin otter. the camera is an hd "key chain" camera. it was a great afternoon and i can't wait to do it all again! radio control float flying
"expeditionen" peterpanda's photos around fort st. james, canada (fort st james british columbia) preview of peterpanda's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  fort st james stuart see canada fort saint james canada fort st james canada st jaimes canada fort st james british columbia fort stjames canada bc saint james canada einsamer see einsamer see im wind expeditionen british columbia canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
northern tier ely,mn (part 1 of 2) to see part2 go here   i mainly made this for any boy scouts that are interested in northern tier that what to see what is like or you can also see what we done when we were there. i have been there twice and i enjoyed it myself.  i included some music so there not to much bordem.     if there any questions about the any of the picture just feel free to ask about them.     this is part 1 of 2. next part is the last of my 2005 trip. i should have the up shortly.    will get 2007 trip pictures up in a few days.    if your troop interest in nt then head to this web site.     yes i did notice that i spelled tier worng in the movie. bsa nt bwca bwcaw high adventure northern tier
northern lights, liz lake, paint lake provincial park,manitoba,canada october 9, 2012 another incredible display of northern lights.free music by dan-o at danosongs.com,song title tidal circuit northern lights canada provincial northern incredible incredible northern lights lake amazing paint lights thompson liz borealis paint lake liz lake video aurora astronomy amazing time lapse video manitoba\ best aurora borealis paint lake provincial park circuit amazing aurora amazing northern lights northern manitoba danosongscom best northern lights thompson manitoba spectacular aurora park northern lights thompson astronomy manitoba canadian province tidal hd
muriel lake 14|05|13 drysuit was comfy @ muriel lake. w30ish. water @ brrrc.  ocean rodeo rise 14m ocean rodeo mako 150 wide ocean rodeo pyro pro drysuit lake or kiteboarding northern alberta muriel bonnyville canada cold lake kent aessie oceaan rodeo rise 14m mako 150 wide gopro hero2
top a snowmobile trail -  mattawa riding the top a snowmobile trail in mattawa ontario, canada! trail ride ofsc snowmobile trails sledding snowmachine freeride 800etec etek mattawa ontario northern canada fast scenic amazing lucrestyle
river rats tip over in canoe river rats tip the canoe over while practicing for the 2010 regatta! river rats north west striver canoe regatta tip over funny jordom5
"27 mai 2008 : hello abitibi " travellingjon's photos around val-d'or, canada preview of travellingjon's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    entry from: val-d'or, canada  entry title: "27 mai 2008 : hello abitibi !"    entry:    "dpart beaucoup plus tard que prvu, aujourd'hui ; aprs m'tre dbarrass de mon dilemme de flin double (je suis all mener mes chats  l'animalerie pour la semaine), j'ai tent de rattraper mon retard, cr par une nuit plus longue que prvue, mais  combien reposante. et hop, vers onze heures, l'auto est pleine de mes trucs (y compris une chaude douillette, au cas o je mettrais mon plan de dormir dans mon fidle sebring  excution), et je sors de chibougamau.    aprs avoir mis quelques litres d'essence hors de prix dans mon vhicule, je vois un jeune homme sur le bord de la route 113, en train de faire du pouce en direction de chapais (et par consquent, de l'abitibi-tmiscamingue, vers o je me dirige) ; me souvenant, une amre larme de nostalgie au coin de l'oeil, de mes propres aventures en tant que "hitch hiker" en france en 2006, je n'coute que mon courage et ma bont, et fais signe au mec en question (il s'appelle kevin) qu'il peut monter, lui et toutes ses affaires, dans mon fidle sebring. je viens de me faire non seulement un compagnon de voyage, mais galement un guide routier touristique : kevin a dj rest  lebel-sur-quvillon, sur notre chemin, et il demeure prsentement  rouyn-noranda, en abitibi. je le dpose donc  la fin de mon trajet pour la journe, soit val-d'or.    sur la route 113, rien n'est gal ; non seulement rien ne se ressemble d'un kilomtre  l'autre, mais en plus nous avons toutes les tempratures, en cette fin de mai : pluie faible, pluie forte, grle, nuages menaants, vent, soleil. plusieurs fois, je dois ralentir pour pouvoir conduire d'une faon digne de ce mot. et c'est sans compter les petits villages que nous rencontrons, dont certains font franchement piti (je ne spcifierai pas le(s)quel(s), pour ne pas offusquer personne) : la communaut crie de waswanipi, et les minuscules postes de desmaraisville et miquelon (voir photos) ; ces deux derniers ont moins de 50 habitants permanents. un peu avant 14 heures, nous arrivons  lebel-sur-quvillon, frontire du nord-du-qubec et de l'abitibi, du ct ndq ; nous y faisons un arrt, surtout que kevin dsire aller dire un p'tit bonjour  sa maman chrie avant de continuer. re-dpart vers 14h30.     partir de l, aucun arrt jusqu' val-d'or ; en fait, il n'y a pas grand-chose  voir entre les deux. c'est vrai, la route est plus belle, les arbres plus colors et la temprature plus clmente, mais les 425 km qui sparent chibougamau de ma destination finale commencent  me peser. nous arrivons enfin  val-d'or juste avant le souper. je dpose kevin prs de chez un de ses amis, et je me rserve une chambre d'htel tout prs du centre-ville, au prlude, un 3 toiles sympathique (eh oui, j'ai laiss tomber mon projet hippie de dormir dans mon fidle sebring ce soir, mais a m'a quand mme cot 93 balles...). aprs souper, au mcdo, beurk, je pars digrer tout a en marchant un peu danns val-d'or. la ville n'est pas impressionnante ni exagrment belle, mais elle a un certain dynamisme ; elle m'a fait un peu penser  chicoutimi et alma (saguenay lac). bref, je suis content d'tre arriv, et j'aime bien mon premier contact avec l'abitibi  vie. je me couche plutt tt (vers les 22 heures), question d'tre le moindrement frais pour le lendemain matin ; en soire, j'ai cout "le fabuleux destin d'amlie poulain", pour la nime fois, sur mon lecteur dvd portatif. le confort de la maison, en voyage. demain, 489 kilomtres, dont plus de 275 dans le parc de la vrendrye m'attendent."  read and see more at:     photos from this trip:  1. "waswanipi : stop / ???"  2. "waswanipi : ecole crie"  3. "waswanipi : rue de waswanipi"  4. "miquelon"  5. "quevillon : lac quevillon"  6. "quevillon : hitch hika n' his mama"  7. "quevillon : lebel-sur-quevillon"  8. "quevillon : bienvenue a lebel !"  9. "val-d'or : trottoirs en bois"  10. "val-d'or : centre-ville"  11. "val-d'or : eglise russe orthodoxe"  12. "val-d'or : panneau indicatif"  13. "val-d'or : hotel motel prelude"    see this tripwow and more at  hello abitibi miquelon abitibi animalerie abitibi ville de val d'or photos photos lebel sur quvillon 2008 hello abitibi val d'or quebec canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
algonquin park canoe trip - tim lake / rosebary lake - october 6-8, 2012 algonquin provincial park  thanksgiving long weekend 2012 canoe trip  to tim lake and rosebary lake via access point #2 - tim river  (thanks once again to canoe algonquin in kearney, ontario for the canoe rental!) thanksgiving 2012 canoe trip in algonquin provincial park october 6-8 tim lake rosebary access point fall colours river canoe boat ontario canada parks moose calls wolf wildlife paddle video log water
trip to peggys cove lighthouse - nova scotia, canada peggys cove is one of the busiest tourist attractions in nova scotia and is a prime attraction on the lighthouse trail scenic drive. peggys cove has a classic red-and-white lighthouse still operated by the canadian coast guard. trip to peggys cove lighthouse nova scotia canada
"oh canada" eshortworldwide's photos around fort st. john, canada (hippy fort st john bc) preview of eshortworldwide's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  polebridge hippies hippy fort st john bc scary fort st john eshortworldwide fort st john bc canada! fort st john british columbia canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
wales island tour "long sault, ontario" this video is for anybody who lives within the area who would like to go camping on this island. wales island hoople bay long sault ontario canada legitclub camping outdoors
rc cwr hold fast wr8 rally series hpi wr8 rally time, loving this car. i'm thinking of doing a series of rally videos, maybe do a couple of videos a month. rallying in different areas but this style of video, what do you guys think. the hold fast thing is a scottish crest and being part scott an lovin the crest. i thought it was the perfect name for a rally race series of videos. i have a feeling there will be another 1 or 2 wr8s to join the rally series in the future, making for some crazy videos. let me know what you think and leave a comment below. as always thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.    google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees or atees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library move out  here, if you going  fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
ship, sea and rolling slush container ship sails across the mighty saint-laurent, as the shore is battered by ice and snow, in this spring time video clip. sainte-anne-des-monts quebec, canada   merci de votre visionnement, prenez un petit moment afin de visiter    je vous invite a venir visitez mon site:     thank you for watching,  take a moment to visit my youtube page   i invite you to visit my site:  snow ice slush wave roll rolling container ship boat sea water gaspesie sainte-anne-des-monts quebec canada msg shipping high
rc cwr giant tree rc park will and i trailed over to giant tree rc park to meet up with scotty roberts to check out his neighbourhood rc park. make sure to check out his facebook pages for his story behind the rc park. a lot  of work has gone into getting the park started at his local community centre and then the actual construction of the park itself. many hours, hard work and the love of such a great hobby wow. great work bud, well done. scotty roberts facebook  gianttreercpark   will and i also had the hunting cabin in tow as the journey continues to find its new home, so stay tuned for the rest of the journey. thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers  google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by  kevin macleod slow burn youtube audio library daisy dukes  fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
rc cwr caution thin ice will and i are out on the trails. enjoy what is hopefully the last of the ice and snow, so i guess i can take off the snow chains. thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.  google+       instagram     face book      fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008   rustik fab werxs   calgaryp3ngu1n   captcalgary   trcc.tv   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
rc cwr canadian ice drifting with hpi flux sprint 2, e-10 and vaterra cop car the kids and i took the drifters out with onroad touring tires for some ice drifting at our local skating park. will and i traded back and forth with the red truck hpi sprint 2 and vaterra cop car while skye was driving the white dodge hpi e-10. the stock vaterra tires worked awesome on the ice and handled the best, going to have to get some for the other 2 trucks for sure. if anyone knows of a good touring tire for ice let me know thanks. half way through the video we head up to the bike path for some high speed runs and snow bashing. we all had a blast and it was nice to get out the drifters again. thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.  google+       instagram     face book     music by silent partner youtube audio library open highway dc love go-go    fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
frozen waterfalls - kakabeka falls, thunder bay, ontario frozen waterfalls - kakabeka falls, thunder bay, ontario right by the trans-canada highway.   the clip was filmed in minus 24 celsius temperature on dec 28, 2013.  travel guru tv = the travel channel  travel videos from all over the world. have fun!  youtube:  vacation rentals:  website:  facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  pinterest:  tripadvisor:  paypal donations:   subscribe to travel guru tv:   #travel #travelguru #travelgurutv #travelvideo #travelvideos #travelblog #travelblogger #travelblogs #travelpics #traveltheglobe #traveltheworld #traveller #travelyoutuber #travelyoutube #travelyoutuber #travelreviews #tripadvisor #cute #jccaylen #love #great #awesome #mine #o2l #likes #laugh #our2ndlife #perfect #funny #proud #youtube #live #creative #crush #amazing #edits #best #fun #smile #cool #happytraveller #happytraveler #sky #beach #beaches #strand #playa #clouds #nature #sunset #sunrise #amazing #yum #luxury #luxury travel #swimming #relaxing #travelling #hiking #walking #spa #airline #instatravel #travelgram #tourist #tourism #vacation #trip #reise #viaje #instagood #instamood #instadaily #igdaily #plane #planes #planegeek #airline #amercianairline #aa #takeoff #landing kakabeka falls (waterfall) thunder bay (city/town/village) canada ontario (canadian province) cold freeze freezing ice ice age frozen waterfall (ontology class) snow winter canada (country) waterfalls thunder bay ontario rap police kings news fight airport live trans-canada highway trans canada
lucky bums snow sport helmets for kids. all the safe kids are doin' it! did you know that even a minor head injury can impact a child's brain function? with a lucky bum snow sport helmet for your kid, you can safely do adventure sports, like skiing and snowboarding. mountain baby recommends this great children's helmet!  the lucky bums alpine in-mold helmet offers solid, certified protection for a great price. they're lightweight, so they won't strain little necks, and have an adjustable dial system so you can ensure the perfect fit. with padded chin and ear straps and lots of ventilation, and cool colour and designs, your little shredders will be comfy and look cool on the slopes!  watch and learn why a lucky bums helmet is a superior choice over a bike helmet when worn for outdoor winter activities.   see more:   mountain baby is located in beautiful downtown nelson, british columbia canada.  visit our online store or call us directly   toll-free 1.888.990.2292  local 250.352.1789  mailto:info@mountainbaby.com ski helmet snow snowboarding snowboard skiing kid child winter lucky bum mountain baby nelson bc kootenays (location) canada (country) outdoor gear kids saftey toboggan
ice flow takes out dock - rideau river an ice flow took out the end of our dock on the rideau river near ottawa, ontario canada.    the dock was 78 feet long;  it's much shorter now! manotick dock nature ice flow rideau river
camp tamar 2008 friends and family up at camp tamar on lake tamagami in ontario canada camp tamar island tamagami miller johnson lake trip 2008 video blog
dji phantom shore line cleanup nootka return to cape scott tahsis life
berendon glacier located on the bc - alaska border, berendon glacier is shown in 3d fly thrus using the digital elevation data from the map that is draped over the surface. these were created using pci geomatica.         approximate latitude and longitude  56.24693, -130.08774 map glacier fly-thru geomatica snow winter silk demise hyder alaska stewart british columbia salmon glacier
aerial canada north shore lake superior aerial canada north shore of  lake superior, spectacularly rugged country just south west of schreiber ontario, as we cruise east at 9,500 feet enroute from kenora to marithon, ontario on the 2nd half of the 3rd leg of john lovelace's cross canada century of flight, "lakes & forests - the canadian shield bush pilot flight", from pacific flying club's c-172xp, c-giwm. aerial scenic flying lake superior schrieber on vfr c-172-xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace's cross canada century flight
white kermode bear  kermode bear
northern tier 2008-day 8: 4th day on the water these are the events that took place for northern tier. four of our guys from troop 313 went with troop 6 to embark on a 50 mile canoe trip through canada. this was a great journey, and a trip that our guys will remember for the rest of their lives. we were honored to have our former historian joey trask to film the canoe trip for us.  ---------------------------------------  our 4th day on the water in ontario, canada. we finished up white otter lake, canoed through the choppy waters of clearwater lake, and entered the dashawa lake. northern tier 2008 day 4th on the water white otter dashawa lake bsa high adventure canoe trip troop 313 138
overnight kayak trip, north coast bc  kayak trip wilderness survival bushcraft knife camping primitve skills
fifteen minute ride from tlell, bc haida gwaii (compressed into 2min) a quick example of hwy 16 driving south towards lawn hill in the former queen charlotte islands 15 min in south drive ride trip fast coast cruise windy road forest
cn train - vegreville, alberta, canada this is a shot of a regular cn train passing through vegreville, alberta, canada. these trains are normally long in length. enjoy. cn train cargo canadian national vegreville alberta canada
inside out experience, elbow river rafting raft guides from inside out experience raft the elbow river near calgary, alberta, canada inside out experience ioe rafting horseshoe canyon bow river paddling activities calgary canmore banff alberta canada cliff jumping action fun adventure guided trips canadian rockies bragg creek
'eh' canadian lodge in golden, bc canada see more at  lodge canadian rockies
peace river canoe trip 2014 canoe trip peace river march 15th and 16th 2014 canoe peace river peace river (river) campinng
paull river - the long way in august 2015 our family (tom, deb, rohan and ruth) joined another family (thomas, sara, aria, gaby and maya) for a three-week canoe trip into the wilderness of saskatchewan and back again. the children ranged in age from just turned 2 to just turned 12.  our goal was to get to the paull river without the use of an airplane, but like many adventures the best part of it all wasn't what we thought it would be.  our route started at besnard lake and headed north, through besnard creek, the churchill river at black bear island lake, then into sandy river and on towards the paull river just downstream of paull lake. from there we followed the trade route back to the churchill and on towards missinipe.  the journey to the paull took almost two weeks and ended up being the highlight of the trip despite being mostly upstream and lake travel with many portages, many of which were grown over pretty good from decades of disuse. the cruise down the paull and onto the churchill, with its established portages and whitewater was fun of course but we finished the trip longing for the unbeaten path.  music:   blackbird - sarah mclachlan - believe music sme - nettwerk emmylou - first aid kit - redeye distribution - pias - liberation music - amazing records bullet train (feat. joni fatora) - stephen swartz - edm pass it along - scott cook shoe fly - sung by ruthie and aria paull river churchill besnard creek sandy mctavish lake missinipe canoe trip family children
aerial williston lake-parsnip arm bc canada aerial williston lake, the parsnip arm, bc, canada.  cockpit panoramic view of the southern end of williston lake, bc, enroute to watson lake, yt, filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, century 92, enroute to whitehourse in the yukon to join up with john lovelace's midnight sun challenge. aerial canada scenic flying williston lake parsnip arm bc c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
aerial canada baddeck ns aerial canada baddeck ns. home of the alexander graham bell national historic site museum and place of the flight of the silver dart.  piloted by j. d. mccurdy on feb 23rd, 1909, 100 years ago, it was the first powered flight by a heavier then air craft in canada and most of the british commonwealth. recorded on the 7th and final leg of john lovelace's cross canada century of flight, "maritimes discovery flight", in pacific flying club's c-172xp, c-giwm. aerial scenic flying baddeck nova scotia c-172xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace cross canada century flight silver dart centennary alexander graham bell musuem
kiteboarding lessons  "trainer kite bootcamp" if your thinking about getting into kiteboarding then this is the perfect place to start.  learn to fly the leading edge kiteboarding trainer kite by watching our trainer kite instructional dvd "trainer kite bootcamp" which covers set-up, the wind window, launch, and basic kite control.  this is more than enough info to get you started and help prepare for lessons.  add "my session -- volume 1" instructional dvd and you have the most complete kiteboarding trainer kite package available anywhere!  this video was shot on the west coast of british columbia with the help of mark bavis, marie leclerc, travis wilkins, kristina arsens and many others.  cinemtography by mike foy.  available at: leadingedgeproductions.com kite videos kiteboarding videos kiteboarding kiteboarding tips kiteboarding guide instructional video kite instructional kite boarding kitesurfing kite surfing kite kiting extreme sports watersports water sports leading edge productions leadingedgeproductions mike foy kiteboard lessons learn to kiteboard learn to kite wind dvd flying my session trainer kite trainer kite boot camp water sports
"our long weekend away to pemberton and whistler" jacquitravels's photos, canada (anderson lake) preview of jacquitravels's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  whistler to pemberton map amyanderson travelpod whistler weekend away pemberton whistler town centre whistler weather long weekend pemberton en whistler anderson lake bc photos is whistler full of aussies bc ferries ship map anderson lake long weekend away pemberton whistler british columbia canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
trip to banff, alberta canada had a memorable trip to banff national park, banff gondola, lake minnewanka and many more stunning beautiful places in banff, alberta, canada.  if you guys like the videos please like, subscribe, and/or share them with your friends! the more people we can reach the more videos we can make! thanks!! expert cooking traditional home food recipe how to banff calgary alberta tourism (industry) attractions mountain hills lake ski trekking canada vancouver travel park adventure climbing nature jasper lake louise lake minnewanka tour trip vacation travel scenic drive
french river solo canoe adventure with random andrew please excuse the footage quality, was forced into using my windows phone as my sj cam (gopro clone) leaked inside it's waterproof casing and could not be used on this voyage.  part 1 from my week long solo canoe trip paddlin' down and throughout the french river provincial park in the northern back country of ontario. warning, i do let the odd colorful metaphor slide here and there.. but all is well.  link to part 2:  random andrew french river random andrew french river provinvial park ontario canada adventure explore expedition sponsor me solo trip seven days one week outdoors canoe back country paddling
aerial canada, leader sk - praire farmland aerial views of the canadian prairies, showing the colourful patch of rectangular fields filled with summer crops se of leader sk contrast sharply with the great sand hills area just to the se and south of my pacific flying club c-172xp, enroute to swift current, saskatchewan for our mid leg refueling stop. aerial scenic flying great sand hills leader sk c-172-xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace's cross canada century flight
flying a cessna 172 skiplane on whitewater lake, northern ontario stop-and-go landing and a circuit around whitewater lake in a beautiful snow landscape of northern ontario. slight x-wind on take-off and landing. thanks to sudbury aviation for the plane and the airstrip. sudbury aviation skiplane winter flying cessna 172 c172 bushpilot
aerial canada - dodging more storms ignace ontario aerial canada - dodging more storms near  ignace ontario as i follow the trans canada highway east, staying vfr under the clouds, heading for thunderbay and onward to marithon on the 2nd half of the 3rd leg of john lovelace's cross canada century of flight, "lakes & forests - the canadian shield bush pilot flight", from pacific flying club's c-172xp, c-giwm. aerial scenic flying ignace ontario storm clouds rain showers vfr c-172-xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace's cross canada century flight
iquatre - 2012 st-honore dans l'vent (night kite fly) improvised team night fly by john barresi, steve de rooy, dominic guimond and jessica lamarche at the 2012 st-honor dans l'vent in st-honor, quebec, canada. **video by jean lemire** . kite flying rev revolution night team barresi de rooy guimond lamarche st-honor quebec festival
aerial omineca-peace arms of williston lake bc canada aerial of the omineca and peace arms of williston lake, bc, canada.  cockpit panoramic view of the mid lake omineca and peace arms, which branch respectively to the west and east of the main lake body, filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, enroute to watson lake, yt, on the 2nd leg of our midnight sun challenge. aerial canada scenic flying williston lake omenica peace arms bc c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
vancouver island air float plane vlog (campbell river to knight inlet, british columbia, canada) the vancouver island air float plane from campbell river to knight inlet lodge in british columbia canada, including the scenery, take off and landings. for more on british columbia visit  i travelled on this as a guest of destination canada, destination british columbia and knight inlet lodge:  travel vacation tips travellers traveler tips for travellers campbell river (city/town/village) british columbia (canadian province) knight inlet (location) canada (country) tourism (interest) float plane floatplane aircraft airplane flying nature aviation (industry) adventure vancouver island air vancouver island knight inlet lodge knight inlet island air campbell river bc campbell river vancouver island plane vancouver island campbell river airfloat
south chilcotin mountain biking: flying tyaughton lake to lorna lake five seater 1961 de havilland beaver plane, tyax air, with five mountain bikes in the back. tyaughton lake mountain biking (sport) bike flying plane british columbia (canadian province)
alexis crk 5 forest fire bc plumes panorama aerial north west of alexis creek, bc, canada, looking back at the bayliff lake fire strato plume and panning around to the east and south looking a forest fires and their plumes along biddy creek and avon creek, bc.  ...  filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the tenth leg and final leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we head back to our home base at vancouver's boundary bay airport. aerial canada scenic flying bayliff lake fraser plateau biddy avon creek british columbia forest fire bc c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
rmr: rick at race the base rick travels to cfb cold lake in alberta to take part in "race the base", a fundraiser for soldier on where exotic cars race against cf-18 fighters. rmr rick mercer report rick mercer rick mercer report cold lake alberta cold lake alberta canadian forces base cf-18 cf-18s fly flying speed fast car cars charity fighter jet fighter jet jets fighter jets
gopromoosehunting.mp4 gopro video of me moving my murphy rebel (baby beaver) from paddies pond (just out side of st. john's, nl) to middle arm pond (east pond) on the baie verte peninsula, in preparation for moose hunting in the harbor deep area. murphy rebel beaver moose hunting baie verte flying gopro full lotus
chinese rocks drone view lillooet bc one of my earlier flights on a windy day. at the chinese rocks by the fraser river in october 2014. drone uav flying video lillooet fishing grounds thedroneguy.ca chinese rocks quadcopter
aerial_nw finbow bushstrip bc canadsa aerial panorama of the area around the finbow bush airstrip north west of the north end of williston lake, bc, canada.  cockpit panoramic view of the area nw of the finbow bush airstrip and the surrounding rocky mountain treach at the northern end of williston lake, filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, enroute to watson lake, yt, on the 2nd leg of our midnight sun challenge. aerial canada scenic flying williston lake finbow bushstrip airstrip bc c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
the comox cadet flying training center the regional gliding school (pacific) enables cadets to accomplish all three aims of the cadet program. cadets training at rgs, primarily learn to fly, learn the principles of flight, and become familiar with the air activities of the canadian forces.  the comox cadet flying training centre (ccftc) is located at 19 wing cfb comox. each summer, approximately 45 cadets pursue their glider pilot license, 35 chase the private pilot dream, and about 130 participate in the advanced aviation course.  known as regional cadet air operations for most of the year, we manage all aspects of the air cadet gliding program, and all familiarization flying in powered aircraft, for the british columbia air cadets.    this video was filmed and produced by the comox cftc public affairs office, capt. fiona milne, fsgt. daniel pereira.  don't forget to watch in hd!  #comox cadet flying training center #royal canadian air cadets air cadets comox rgs pacific comox cadet flying training center cftcc canada royal canadian air cadets cadets gliding flying advanced aviation power glider license learning camp summer camp fun adventure friends
viking outposts' cessna 180 taking off from domain lake west of red lake, ontario! cessna viking outposts domain optic flying bushflying floatplane
aerial tsiigehtchic nwt mackenzie and arctic red rivers nwt canada aerial, 8.5 nautical miles ahead of us, the mighty mackenzie river where it is joined by the arctic red river at the dempster highway ferry crossing, just north of the village of tsiigehtchic in canada's vast north west territory. filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the third leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we follow the dempster hwy vfr route to inuvik, nwt. aerial canada scenic flying arctic red mackenzie river tsiigehtchic north west territory tundra dempster highway yt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
aerial mackenzie river nw ft good hope nwt canada aerial mackenzie river 32.3 nautical miles (59.7 km) north west of fort good hope in canada's vast arctoc outback of the north west territory. filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the fourth leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we head north for our visit with the arctic ocean.  ...  this video was recorded at n66 37 58.6 w121 31 18.9 ... and not where google-you tube has decided it wants to put the landmark for this vid., in this case some 60 miles to the east of the actual location i originally entered.  ...  sorry for any inconvenience to those who have been misled by where you found this vid's mis placed landmark via google earth or google maps.  please use the lat-long data above to find the real location where this video was recorded. aerial canada scenic flying arctic mackenzie river fort good hope north west territory tundra nwt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
float plane flyby and landing at hartley bay bc  hartley bay (city/town/village) landing plane airplane de havilland (organization) beaver british columbia (canadian province) canada (country) flying bush pilot dhc-2 rotary engine (piston configuration)
aerial canada - i follow roads upsala ont aerial canada - i follow roads upsala ont, staying vfr under the clouds, the weather clears just past upsala, ontario as we head for thunder bay, on and onward to marithon, on on the 2nd half of the 3rd leg of john lovelace's cross canada century of flight, "lakes & forests - the canadian shield bush pilot flight", from pacific flying club's c-172xp, c-giwm. aerial scenic flying upsala on storm clouds rain showers vfr c-172-xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace's cross canada century flight
g1000 cessna flying over edmonton cessna 172sp equipped with garmin g1000 flying over the southern part of edmonton, alberta, canada en route to edmonton city centre airport (cyxd) c172 flight flying edmonton g1000 cessna cyxd
aerial dodging rain cells north dawson yt canada aerial dodging rain celss north of dawson city, yt, canada, filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the third leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, enroute to inuvik, nwt aerial canada cyda scenic flying arctic yukon tundra oglivie mountains dawson city yt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
ode to timmins and south porcupine on. canada there 's a place east of sault st.marie where i go on highway eleven north of toronto near the xtrata kidd creek copper mine take a picture of timmins and south porcupine  there's the hollinger mine and the shania twain treasure so proud of 'whose bed have your boots been under' les costello the flying father and schumacher town the place where frank and peter mahovlich were born  chorus: in summer the farmers rise early at dawn their hands tell a story of ancestors gone they'll feed this great nation with tractors and hoes at the old mountjoy market their produce are sold  when i was a boy we'd play cowboys and indians with my trusty dog ginger by old feldman's mill roy rogers and the rocket man they were my heroes at a nickel for popcorn and two bits for the show  there's the one fourty four goes south to sudbury on the way there's gogama indian territory and were next of kin to the great trans canada highway you go west to alberta and east p.e.i.  chorus: end p.s. bringing timmins closer to the rest of the country eh!  words & music paul henry dallaire paul henry pub. socan.ca  u.s.rep: ascap roy rogers the rocket man/timmins on./paulhenrydallaire/frank mahovlich.les costello/the flying fathers/ toronto highway 11 gogama on. soo saint marie timmins (city/town/village) music (tv genre) canada (country) country (musical genre)
aerial a century flt c-182 over doc greig lake aerial of a century flight c-182 over doc greig lake in lake superior provincal park . recorded on the 4th leg of john lovelace's cross canada century of flight, "the canadian shield bush pilot flight", in pacific flying club's c-172xp, c-giwm. aerial scenic flying c-182 take off landing c-172xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace cross canada century flight
tug gulf regent. helicopter logging nass river 3. some more helicopter logging at the nass river. tug tugboat barge barges coastal towing helicopter helicopter logging aircraft ocean logging flying river
maple flag 2009, cold lake, ab, june 2009 - hdindienews hdindienews - maple flag 2009 (1080p)  interview with capt prowal, 410 sqn on maple flag 2009, the annual air force training exercise held at cfb cold lake, alberta. updated re-edit with a couple of dnd supplied shots not originally available.   shot june 2009 - air date 11 june 2011 maple flag 2009 military warfare story news interview television air force fighter jet eagle falcon hornet f18 f16 f15 flying plane airplane aerial combat training planes tactical fly aircraft aviation
aerial watson lake yt w-forest fire plume pano aerial town of watson lake yt underneath a giant forest fire smoke plume.  ...  filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the 8th leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we head west towards our refueling stop at dease lake, bc via watson lake, yt. aerial canada scenic flying arctic watson lake yukon territory forest fire yt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
sea kayak vancouver island tofino to port hardy part 3 estevan to nootka  bc 2010 sea lions! days 3 and 4 of darrin rockliffe 's 28 day 500 km kayak journey from tofino to port hardy , this section is from estevan point to nootka island :) enjoy to learn more about westcoast education see   a kickass westcoast outdoor school. sea kayak darrin rockliffe darren tofino hotsprings nootka vancouver island outdoors adventures expedition long distance camping survival sea lions sealions intotheout.com estevan point west coast canada bc wilderness nature hiking birds whales ocean beach adventure flying kites harmonica silly nerd chump geek dork hobo hippy adventurer playa agua belle lion seal
more grasslands july 8, 2014  having fun flying the grassland along the battle river, alberta. powered paragliding paramotor ppg paraglider paragliding flying air rs ultra kangook polini thor 190 alberta battle river ozone paragliders delta 2
cessna 140 ski flying (part i) low altitude ski flying over reservoir taureau (100 north of montreal qc).     this is the ultimate winter flying experience, the best flight of my life so far. notice the other airplane flying about 500 feet in front.    if you liked this vudeo, watch part ii. cessna 140 winter flying ski flying aviation airplane
first flight on wheels for 2011 may 10 / 2011.   some lakes in the westlock & clyde area in alberta with a decent sunset.  one of my best landings but couldn't record & land at the same time!  i created this video with the help of youtube video editor      ( youtube editor landing airport airplane aviation airplanes westlock alberta canada ultralight aircraft flying lsa bushmaster ultralight homebuilt advanced ultralight snowbird mk2 plane air light-sport aircraft fly planes pilot
snowy day in rivers , manitoba on highway 25 heading to irm to pick up a load of sulphar western star 4900fa grain hoppers snow english trucker rivers manitoba saskatchewan alberta ontario super rtm transport
saskatchewan from above saskatoon photography team matt ramage & julie isaac from studio d set out to capture the adventure and beauty the most beautiful section of the trans canada trail known as the chief whitecap waterway. this spans over 100km over water with multiple points to enter and exit, or go all the way from gardiner dam into the city of saskatoon.  the team from studio d was thrilled to work on this project in partnership with chief whitecap waterway, showcasing parts of the trail including gardiner dam, fred heal launch, outlook, and chief whitecap first nation.  plan your trip today:   visit the makers at  drone flying paddleboard canoe kayak adventure saskatchewan yxe saskatoon diefenbaker lake outlook sk
coal lake september 17, 2015  short flight along the shores of coal lake, alberta. powered paragliding paramotor ppg paraglider paragliding flying air rs ultra kangook polini thor 190 ozone delta 2
landing tuktoyaktuk nwt rwy 09 cockpit view landing at tuktoyaktub, north west territory, canada, rwy 09, cyub, cockpit views forward on down wind, base and final approach to the village of tuktoyaktuk and our first landing in the edge of the arctic ocean, at the end of the fourth leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday, filmed by my wife from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92. aerial canada cyub scenic flying arctic tundra landing tuktoyaktuk north west territory nwt c-172xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
sightseeing around lasqueti island round robin flight from false bay, lasqueti, british columbia, around southern texada island returning to false bay over thanksgiving weekend 2012. flying float planes strait of georgia texada island british columbia cessna 180 aviation lasqueti island
aerial canada nahanni butt nwt pano aerial of nahanni butt, nwt, canada and its airfield.  we had climbed up to 10,000 feet (the oxygen line for continious non pressurised flight) for terrain clearence as we were about cross to the south east corner of nahanni national park, a spectacular mountainous region stradling the yukon-nwt border.  ...  filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the 8th leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we head west towards our refueling stop at dease lake, bc via watson lake, yt. aerial canada scenic flying arctic nahanni butt north west territory tundra nwt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
aerial mackenzie delta south inuvik nwt canada aerial panorama of mackenzie delta, south of mike zubko aerodrome, otherwise known as inuvik airport. filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the third leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we follow the dempster hwy vfr route to inuvik, nwt. aerial canada cyev scenic flying arctic mackenzie river inuvik north west territory tundra dempster highway yt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
a "day" in nova scotia, canada, via dji phantom 3 drone experience a "day" in stunningly beautiful nova scotia, canada, from sunrise to sunset.  it is absolutely amazing how much this province has to offer... rugged yet gentle, exciting yet serene, modern yet historical.  this is how i have experienced nova scotia over a six-month period.  it is not intended to fully capture the province, as there are many parts i've yet to visit.  however, the video is intended to be only one in a series of "a 'day' in nova scotia" videos that i will be continuing on this youtube channel.  the footage was recorded between june and december 2015, and was shot using a dji phantom 3 advanced drone.  subscribe to our channel to get the latest videos posted for our nova scotia lighthouse project (we're working to capture all 175 of them in the province!), and check out the other lighthouse and travel videos we currently have airing.  cheers! drone dji phantom phantom 3 advanced aerial uav travel tourism nova scotia canada lighthouse beach ocean ns halifax sunrise sunset explore larry peyton peggys cove peggy's cove yarmouth cape breton bay of fundy acadia university digby cape sable kejimkujik hants county kings colchester shelburne antigonish lunenburg annapolis cumberland guysborough pictou flying project atlantic east coast lifestyle visit tourist phantom 3
aerial canada, reed salt lakes area sk aerial canada, cockpit panoramic view of reed lake and the surrounding prairies of south central saskatchewan, as seen from from pacific flying club's 195hp c-172xp cg-iwm, enroute from springbank, alberta to brandon, manitoba, on the 2nd leg of john lovelace's cross canada century of flight,"wheat fields and oil rigs". aerial canada scenic flying reed lake sk c-172xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace's cross century flight
landing runway 24 pangirtung, nunavut, canada this is a quick clip of landing on runway 24 in pangnirtung. when you turn base you are faced with a cliff that is 2200ft. some of the of the coolest scenery in the world lies between pangnirtung(cyxp)& qikiqtarjuaq (cyvm)and the rest of the eastern arctic of canada. for those who are wondering, yes the fo windshield is delimanated and it looks like a smilie face. kingair 100 pangnirtung nunavut canadian arctic flying landing
flying along the north saskatchewan river flying from ft. saskatchewan to waskatenau along the north saskatchewan river.  passing a smoke covered redwater on the way to the river from a plant in the fort.  i created this video with the help of youtube video editor ( airplanes ultralight aircraft canada aviation youtube editor flying river  north saskatchewan river flight plane fixed-wing aircraft airplane fly lsa bushmaster ultralight homebuilt advanced ultralight snowbird mk2 light-sport aircraft
aerial eskimo lakes nwt canada aerial parsons, husky and the eskimo lakes, 30 nautical miles south of tuktoyaktuk in canada's vast outback of the north west territory. filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the fourth leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we head north for our visit with the arctic ocean. aerial canada scenic flying arctic eskimo lakes north west territory tundra nwt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
aerial pano pelly crossing yt canada aerial panoramic view of pelly crossing, yt, canada,the village and bush airstrip and the surrounding countryside, located on the yukon river, north north west of whitehorse, yt, filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, flying northwest bound to dawson city, yt, on the 4thd leg of our midnight sun challenge. aerial canada scenic flying dempster highway pelly crossing yt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
fort mcmurray helicopter ride we rented a helicopter for a few hours.  we flew 70 miles south of mcmurray to just west of conklin, alberta to snap a few pics of a private airport we built for statoil.  on the way back we flew over downtown fort mcmurray and suncor.  the helicopter is a eurocopter colibri ec120b flight helicopter eurocopter colibri ec120b airport statoil suncor fort mcmurray runway aviation airplanes aircraft engine flying automobiles high speed landing
zenair formation flying flying formation from hanover back to brampton with zenair ch-300 & ch-200. the video opens up at brampton while we wait for a very nice ch-200. we see the ch-200 at the run-up circle. while on the ramp at hanover airport, ontario with three zenairs, a forth zenair ch-250 showed up. four zenairs at one place, awesome!    the aircraft is powered by a lycoming o-320, 150 hp, swinging a 72" warp drive propeller. it has basic day/night vfr instruments, a grand rapids eis (engine information system).    for more info on the zenair ch-200/300 please visit:      video made with    canon powershot s5 is zenair formation flying ch-300 ch-200 bfc brampton flying club hanover airport airport airplane aircraft flying fly runway airplanes aviation zenair ch-300 flight engine homebuilt experimental landing plane zenair (business operation) zenith aircraft company (aircraft manufacturer) brampton (city/town/village) brampton airport (airport) hanover (city/town/village) saugeen shores (city/town/village)
aerial canada saulte ste marie and seaway locks aerial ot the seaway locks at saulte ste marie, ontario between lake superior and lake huron, including the downtown core. recorded on the 5th leg of john lovelace's cross canada century of flight, "ontario discovery flight", in pacific flying club's c-172xp, c-giwm. aerial scenic flying sault ste marie ontario seaway locks c-172xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace cross canada century flight
bearskin metroliner flight to flin flon manitoba -      bearskin airlines is a winnipeg air charter service to flin flon manitoba that i took back in the year 2005 on a twin turboprop 19 passenger seat plane. this is the smallest plane i ever flew on and it was pretty cool. enjoy the flight to flin flon! flin flon manitoba (canadian province) bearskin airlines (airline) bearskin metroliner airplane airline (industry) canada (country) fairchild swearingen metroliner (aircraft model) fairchild c-fxus sa227cc airplanes flying aviation (industry) plane winnipeg
aerial prince george bc canada aerial prince george, bc, canada.  cockpit panoramic view of the central interior city of prince george, bc, enroute to mackenzie, bc, from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, century 92, enroute to whitehourse in the yukon to join up with john lovelace's midnight sun challenge. aerial canada scenic flying prince george bc c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
cl 415 water bombers at little v two water bombers fill up on little vermillion lake ontario flying/aircraft aviation aircraft cl-415 water bomber filling bomber dh-2 beaver on floats dehaviland beaver fly by bomber (aircraft type) flying plane little airplane
rc cwr nqd jet boat gone brushless will and i get a new nqd jet boat 757t-6024 accelerate tear into 757. we put a traxxas vxl-3m waterproof one 16th brushless system into it, a spectrum receiver and radio, and some other small mods. as far as the power and electronics go, we are set. next of course will be the body and paint, not sure what we are going to do but we have a few ideas.   kevin macleod whiskey on the mississippi / slow burn incompetech.com  rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
aerial canada north gros cap windmill energy farm aerial of the north gros cap windmill energy farm, north of sault ste marie, ontario, canada, on the eastern end of lake superior. recorded on the 4th leg of john lovelace's cross canada century of flight, "the canadian shield bush pilot flight", in pacific flying club's c-172xp, c-giwm. aerial scenic flying north gros cap windmill energy farm ontario c-172xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace cross canada century flight
partially frozen st. lawrence river boeing 787  -4 flying over the partially frozen st.  lawrence river towards quebec air canada boeing 787  -4  tiltul  linksyouwanttoremember cimg4614 flying over the frozen st  lawrence river towards quebec boeing 787  4 tiltul linksyouwanttoremember flying st lawrence river frozen quebec boeing 787 air canada canada
cap des rosiers lighthouse in 4k the inspire 1 uav, with 4k gimbal, allowed me to capture this perspective.  the lighthouse is located on the border of forillon national park.  which is located on the gaspe peninsula in quebec, canada.   music: song title - bensound.com lighthouse (building function) cap-des-rosiers lighthouse tourist destination lighthouse winter parc national forillon forillon national park gaspe quebec canada aerial video uav drone inspire 1 inspire one tourism (interest) flying
aerial canada, regina sk fm se aerial canada, cockpit panoramic view of regina, saskatchewan area from the south east, as seen from from pacific flying club's 195hp c-172xp cg-iwm, enroute from springbank, alberta to brandon, manitoba, on the 2nd leg of john lovelace's cross canada century of flight,"wheat fields and oil rigs". aerial canada scenic flying regina sk c-172xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace's cross century flight
flying west of cold lake edward & harold lake on the left, crane lake on the right (with island). perfect day for flying the prairies near cold lake. sorry for camera shake, it was a little bumpy at this altitude (~2000 agl) cold lake flying cessna 172 harold edward crane
westlock to boyle alberta flight 2011 a perfect thursday morning for flying.  from westlock to boyle airport where i landed to be greeted by the local husky, a very quiet place to land.   took the long way home flying south of athabasca and followed hwy 2 back to westlock at 4000ft.    i created this video with the help of youtube video editor ( ultralight airplane westlock boyle athabasca alberta canada youtube editor airport aircraft flying flight aviation lsa bushmaster ultralight homebuilt advanced ultralight snowbird mk2 plane
kevin goes for a (searey) swim an impromptu swim from a searey amphibious flying boat in canada's georgian bay.   nothing and no one keeps kevin from swimming!  the airplane is a searey, built from a kit by progressive aerodyne, of tavares florida. searey seaplane airplane floatplane amphibian flying boat flying aviation pilot plane water landing splash and go takeoff landing ramp aviator duck tales flight flyer progressive aerodyne georgian bay canada gaggle
five islands nova scotia brn2flyul five islands, economy nova scotia, 2010 in my challenger ii five islands nova scotia pilot aviator challenger ii lsa ultralight mark capon light-sport aircraft ultralight aviation flying plane airplane fixed-wing aircraft brn2flyul experimental shore line bay of fundy hd takeoff landing runway airport motor sports sky high definition light aircraft recreational canada bay of fundy ocean economy sand point campground contour springhill
erickson s-64 aircrane, 9600shp erickson s-64 aircrane setting towers just outside brooks, alberta canada.  we followed along the highway at 140-160kph.  this is one sick aircraft. erickson aircrane electric construction helicopter 9600shp electricity construction flying missing you energy warming power air
takeoff watson lake canada rwy 16 cockpit view taking off from watson lake, yukon territory, canada, rwy 16, with views to the south and east as we climb out aboard pacific flying club's c-172xp giwm, "century 92", at the start the third leg of our midnight sun challenge, westward through daughney pass to whitehorse, yt. filmed by my wife.  ...  after a wonderful refueling stop over and visit to a place i had not been to since the winter of 1987, we had to travel onward, but we will be back.  good to see you again watson lake! aerial canada czqh scenic flying take off departure watson lake yt c-172xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
hurrican igor gander bay newfoundland the bigest waves i'v ever seen in the bay hurricane igor newfoundland gander bay big waves storm jumping travel log water sports snow home video backflip stunts
flying over mount waddington the highest mountain in british columbia      tags: flying over mount waddington the highest mountain in british columbia nimmo bay vacation resort canada awesome destination camo4x4s 4x4 camo 4x4s stuart edwards hd hdv high definition flying over mount waddington the highest mountain in british columbia nimmo bay vacation resort canada awesome destination camo4x4s 4x4 camo 4x4s stuart edwards hd hdv high definition world outdoor network won wo great outdoors
aerial cu wrigley nwt canada aerial close up of wrigley, nwt, canada, located 105 nautical miles (194 km) northwest of ft simpson island or 153 nautical miles (282 km) south east of norman wells on the mighty mackenzie river. a close up pan the village and the surrounding areas, during our cruise south east ward to our next overnight stop at fort simpson island, in canada's vast arctic outback of the north west territory.  ...  the mountains on the east side are the mcconnel range of the franklin mountains.  the mountains protruding from the haze on the west side of the river are the camsell range. filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on of the seventh leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010 aerial canada scenic flying arctic franklin mountains mcconnell camsell range mackenzie river wrigley north west territory tundra nwt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
aerial alaska hwy teslin lk yukon canada aerial panoramic views teslin lake and it's surrounding mountains as we follow the alaska hwy north westward towards whitehorse, yt, filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, flying west bound to whitehorse, yt, on the 3rd leg of our midnight sun challenge. aerial canada scenic flying alaska hwy teslin lake yt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
aerial canada desbarats ontario lake country aerial canada, the lake country north of desbarats, ontario on the north channel of the st mary's river, on the north shore lake huron. recorded on the 5th leg of john lovelace's cross canada century of flight, "ontario discovery flight". aerial scenic flying desbarats ontario north shore lake huron c-172xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace cross canada century flight
aerial tsay keh village williston lake bc canada aerial panorama of tsay keh village on the north end of williston lake, bc, canada.  cockpit panoramic view of the tsay keh village and the surrounding rocky mountain treach at the northern end of williston lake, filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, enroute to watson lake, yt, on the 2nd leg of our midnight sun challenge. aerial canada scenic flying williston lake tsay keh bc c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
kamloops lake - unusual helicopter maneuvers kamloops lake in british columbia, canada is situated on the thompson river just west of kamloops. the lake is 1.6 km wide, 29 km long, and up to 152 m deep. the community of savona is located at the west end of the lake on the thompson river. the city of kamloops is located a few miles east of the head of the lake, at the confluence of the north and south thompson rivers.  the lake is bounded on all sides by steep embankments, with level areas found only near creek deltas and around the inlet and outlet. the surrounding land is mostly uninhabited. it is classified as dry belt interior grasslands, composed of bunchgrass and sagebrush with pockets of douglas fir, ponderosa pine and spruce.  kamloops lake is a widening and deepening of the thompson river, which enters at the east end and exits at the west end. the limnology of the lake is controlled by the thompson river, which has large fluctuations in annual flow, with over 60% occurring in the early summer during freshet (may to july). lake levels rise naturally as much as 30 feet (9.1 m) from high season in june compared to low season. conversely, beach areas expand by as much as 200 feet (61 m) in the summer as lake levels recede after freshet.  bulk residence times are very short (the time it takes for the water in the lake to be replaced with new water), ranging from 20 days to 340 days, with a mean of 60 days. because kamloops lake is fed by both the north and south thompson rivers (the south thompson drains from the very warm shuswap lakes), kamloops lake is a very warm lake. since the late twentieth century, it has become an increasingly popular boating and recreational area. on the north side of the lake is fredrick, and on the south side of the lake are residential subdivisions such as cherry creek and the tobiano resort community. a boat launch, trestle and gas dock have been built at tobiano; it is the only location on kamloops lake with these facilities. both savona and kamloops also have boat launches, but their use is limited in the later summer months of low water. kamloops lake (lake) helicopter (invention) canada flying air plane jet unusual helicopter maneuvers kamloops lake british columbia (canadian province) kamloops (city/town/village) kamloops airport (airport) kamloops indian band (location) aviation (industry) jet engine (invention) flight (quotation subject) airplane the x-files (tv program) conspiracy (quotation subject) ufology (profession) cfjc-tv (tv station) kamloopsthisweek vancouver
aerial yukon nwt border pano aerial yukon nwt border pano.  ...  filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the 8th leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we head west towards our refueling stop at dease lake, bc via watson lake, yt. aerial canada scenic flying arctic yukon north west territory border tundra yt nwt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
bc forest fire n-knapp lake pano bc forest fire n-knapp lake pano august 2010,  ...  filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the tenth leg and final leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we head back to our home base at vancouver's boundary bay airport. aerial canada scenic flying arctic nahanni butt north west territory tundra nwt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
thomas lake adventure the story of a labor day weekend 2011 trip consisting of a flight via float plane to thomas lake, bc - and the ensuing camping, canoeing, hiking, and photographic adventures of two guys who were just trying to escape the reality of life in the city for a quick day or two getaway.   this video - the first video in the series -  is the story behind the flight and the events of the weekend.  video 2 is a slideshow based on the images of the two participants in the adventure - rick church and jim horn.  i hope you enjoy. cessna float plane mountains glacial lake snow caves photography camping mosquitoes flying adventure canoeing fort langley
aerial canada, regina sk fm sw aerial canada, cockpit panoramic view of regina, saskatchewan area from the south west, as seen from from pacific flying club's 195hp c-172xp cg-iwm, enroute from springbank, alberta to brandon, manitoba, on the 2nd leg of john lovelace's cross canada century of flight,"wheat fields and oil rigs". aerial scenic flying regina sk c-172xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace's cross canada century flight
bella coola bc heli skiing - heli flight into wall half the excitement of helicopter skiing is the ride up! helicopter skiing helicopter ride ski heli ski bc bella coola tweedsmir lodge snowboarding skiing flying air winter airplane aviation
forest fires e-ft good hope nwt aerial view of the forest fires 10 nautical miles (18 km) east of the franklin mountain range, which is 21.9 nautical miles (40.4 km) south east of fort good hope in canada's vast arctoc outback of the north west territory, with a panorama continuing around the right showing chick lake, which is sandwiched between the franklin mountains and gibson's ridge. filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the sixth leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we head south east towards our refueling stop at norman wells, nwt. aerial canada scenic flying arctic forest fires franklin mountains gibson's ridge mackenzie river fort good hope north west territory tundra nwt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
aerial williston lake-nw ft graham bc canada aerial williston lake, nw of fort graham, bc, canada.  cockpit panoramic view of the williston lake and the surrounding rocky mountain treach 2/3rds of the way up the lakem filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, enroute to watson lake, yt,  on the 2nd leg of our midnight sun challenge. aerial canada scenic flying williston fort graham bc c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
village sur glace de roberval (avion tlguider) -village sur glace a roberval au lac saint-jean, quebec  -filmer a bord d'une avion teleguid, super sky skyfer 2.4m -small cam 828 v3 lac saint-jean quebec canana hiver snow fly plane glider gopro hero gopro hero 3 gopro hero2 chain key 808 v2 glider (sailplane) flying hd high difinition hobbie bananas super sky surfer skyfer bixter epp 1.8m x8 fpv cam onboard freeze nice funny soundtrack cam camera best sound mix teckno dance music vol en imersion fatshark 5.8ghz tunigy ofna traxxas hpi baja rc best top camera (film) helicopter air airplane brushless lipo 4s 3s air nuage gopro hero 2 radio savage
black mountain fpv session video from my last black mountain fpv session in kelowna bc. fpv first person view silver fox flying silverfoxflying racing flying quadcopter multirotor mini drone black mountain kelowna okanagan
flying to the 2006 yukon river quest flying a machen beech v35 bonanza over the canadian rockies with meridith and wade.  june 2006, destination whitehorse, yukon territory, estimated flight time was about 18 hours from houston.  refueled in denver, lethbridge, and fort st. john. flying yukon river quest canadian rockies beech bonanza
hummingbird moth sited in gimli, manitoba, canada  july 2008 hummingbird moth insect moths flying flowers proboscis nectar wildlife
devil's island arial footage in full hd video of devil's island in eastern passage, nova scotia. this video was captured in 4k using my phantom 3 professional. had to downgrade the video to upload it to youtube. please dont forget to like & subscribe for more videos.  outro by: sharok agar    editing by: anthony brown  devil devils devil's island eastern passage eastern passage nova scotia nova scotia 4k 1080 1080p full hd phantom professional drone cool awesome amazing fly flying flight youtube
wind sports - shaw tv port alberni bring on the wind! local wind enthusiasts are all about the 4pm wind that engulfs the alberni inlet. find out what the buzz is about.  connect with us!   alberni valley go! island shaw tv port alberni port alberni wind tourist destination flying tourism (interest) kite kite surfing wind surfing sailing windsport alberni inlet alberni canal water ocean cruise surf wind surf extreme wind enthusiast harbour quay canal beach sports sport active activity action fly flying jump jenny fortin somass river river kite surfer wind surfer sailor
haultain river 2011 a canoe trip on the haultain river with a great group. august 4-6, 2011 haultain river canoe canoeing northern saskatchewan whitewater rapids
the yellow fields of alberta managed to get a flight in to video the canola and wheat fields in the westlock area.  sorry about the skeeter guts on the windshield :)  a hot and humid evening with smooth air and great scenery.  a large cumulus nimbus growing to the north along with some rain clouds over the st albert area to the south.  caught a crop duster in action & even found a castle on a lake.  i created this video with the help of youtube video editor ( ultralight airplane aircraft flying westlock alberta canada canola wheat fields crop duster castle on lake youtube editor lsa bushmaster ultralight homebuilt advanced ultralight snowbird mk2 plane fly
aerial jake's corner yukon canada aerial panoramic views of jake's corner at north west end of little atlin lake, on the western end of squanga lake-white mtn pass, yt, filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, flying west bound to whitehorse, yt, on the 3rd leg of our midnight sun challenge. aerial canada scenic flying alaska hwy little atlin lake jake's corner yt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace
wgc - cowley wave camp 2012 a video of gza soaring around cowley, alberta, canada.   a mix of video footage and slideshow. the end shows my climb up the mountain wave to flight level 200.  a lot of the footage was lost due to fogging of the lenses while the camera was sitting outside the sailplane, so i had to improvise a bit and use some still photographs.  enjoy!  p.s. mountain waves are addictive! i will be back!! for a diamond next time! winnipeg gliding club winnipeg gliding club winnipeg soaring club winnipeg flying club soaring wgc glider sailplane starbuck manitoba canada gliding flying soaring gopro hd hero gopro camera vuelo a vela szybowcowy szybownik planeadore segelflugzeug segelfliegen steigenden segelflieger outdoor sports air vol a voile plane airplane aviation aviator pilot pilote dg300 dg-300 dg 300 thermalling thermal first flight mountain wave cowley alberta mountain wave aircraft
monday evening over keewatin ontario quick evening flight over keewatin.  check out the shaw cable building, keewatin park and two bears marina. keewatin kenora ontario dji phantom lake of the woods fpv uav canada flying aerial photography two bears marina shaw cable building quadcopter hexacopter
helicopter ride heading up pitt river near vancouver helicopter ride starting at langley airport up to pitt lake, then a flyby of disc lake. headed up river to pitt river lodge. turned around and went to a cranberry farm. shot on sony nex-5n 2014-11-09 helicopter (invention) river water flying plane vancouver (city/town/village)
aerial eagle plains roadhouse yukon canada aerial of eagle plains roadhouse, yukon territory, canada, an oasis of safety, fuel, food and accomodation in the middle of yukon territory outback, half way between dawson city, yt and inuvik, nwt. filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the third leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we follow the dempster hwy vfr route to inuvik in the north west territory. aerial canada scenic flying arctic eagle plains roadhouse yukon territory tundra dempster highway yt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
takeoff norman wells rwy 27 nwt canada cockpit view taking off from norman wells, north west territory, canada, rwy 27, with views to the northwest, west and then south east back over the town of norman wells as we climb out aboard pacific flying club's c-172xp giwm, "century 92", at the start the 7th leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010 and our voyage south eastward down the mackenzie river to fort simpson island, nwt. filmed by my wife. aerial canada cyvq scenic flying take off departure arctic norman wells north west territory nwt c-172xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
aerial canada - montreal river harbour ontario aerial canada - montreal river harbour ontario. recorded on the 4th leg of john lovelace's cross canada century of flight, "the canadian shield bush pilot flight", in pacific flying club's c-172xp, c-giwm. aerial scenic flying montreal river harbour ontario c-172xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace cross canada century flight
aerial tour of sudbury ontario i got a tour of greater sudbury on a plane. we flew over azilda, the vale tailing ponds by the superstack, downtown, sudbury secondary school and long lake.  flew over the nickel city. nickel belt area. sudbury basin. ontario canada aerial view greater sudbury tour ontario plane hd mining flying canada downtown superstack super stack nickel city nickel belt nickel belt (political district) greater sudbury (city/town/village) tourism (industry) aviation (industry) sudbury basin (geographical feature) sudbury tourism featured sudbury drone inco vale chimney
very cool ifr technology used to find gas leaks using a $130,000 ifr camera to locate natural gas leaks on the equipment in a natural gas compressor station. clips courtesy of "proactive gas find". ifr flir infra-red gas leaks
aerial johnson's crossing teslin lk yukon canada aerial panoramic views down teslin lake from the north west end over johnson's crossing as we enter squanga lake-white mtn pass flying north west ward towards whitehorse, yt, filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, flying west bound to whitehorse, yt, on the 3rd leg of our midnight sun challenge. aerial canada scenic flying alaska hwy johnson's crossing teslin lake yt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace
aerial canada west of marathon ontario aerial canada west of marathon ontario, the rugged bush country of neys provincal park, on the north east shore of lake superior.  recorded near the end of the 2nd half of the 3rd leg of john lovelace's cross canada century of flight, "lakes & forests - the canadian shield bush pilot flight", from pacific flying club's 195 hp c-172xp, c-giwm. aerial scenic flying lake superior neys provincal park marithon on vfr c-172-xp cessna pfc cumulusgranitis john lovelace's cross canada century flight
aerial cassiar mine fm north side aerial of the abandoned cassiar asbestos mine fm north side.  ...  filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the 8th leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we head south west towards our refueling stop at dease lake, bc via cassiar, bc. aerial canada scenic flying abandoned mine cassiar asbestos british columbia bc c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
aerial pano minto yt canada aerial panoramic view of minto, yt, canada and bush airstrip and the surrounding countryside, located on the yukon river, north north west of whitehorse, yt, filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, flying northwest bound to dawson city, yt, on the 4thd leg of our midnight sun challenge. aerial canada scenic flying dempster highway minto yt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
gens de la terre low flying low flying over "gens de la terre" river. north of reservoir baskatong.  quebec canada low flying river homebuilt airplane composite sony camera bullet s45 mystere canyon
helicopter flight - saskatchewan, canada. read before viewing.  video clip of a ride in a schweizer 300c helicopter flying over a safari/game park/farm near maidstone, saskatchewan.  the camera wobble was unavoidable due to the helicopter recently acquiring a couple of new rotor blades and as hard as i tried i couldn't avoid the camera wobble when trying to zoom in on animals.  the bird flying is a bald eagle and numerous whitetail & mule deer can be seen as well as wapiti/elk, buffalo and sheep. also some footage of us chasing a coyote. many thanks to the family who own the premises and helicopter for their wonderful hospitality as well as a fantastic ride in a helicopter which was a first for my wife.    negative/slanderous comments with vulgarity & spam posted will be deleted. stagsroar north battleford maidstone saskatchewan safari park schweizer 300c helicopter mule deer whitetail buffalo hunt canada (country) hunting animals wildlife aircraft chopper flying air aviation (industry) plane airplane coyote sheep bucks does guide
aerial yt-nwt border dempster hwy canada aerial of yukon territory - north west territory border on the dempster highway, deep in the high canadian arctic outback. filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the third leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we follow the dempster hwy vfr route to inuvik in the north west territory. aerial canada scenic flying arctic yukon north west territory tundra dempster highway yt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge
how to: pylon racing with rctv rctv and doug pepperdine of pm hobbycraft ( are out in calgary alberta to find out the basics of pylon racing. we get the official rules, regulations and history behind pylon racing; including its origin from formula 1 pylon racing.  plenty of tips and tricks from the experts of this sub-hobby; there is enough information to take the casually interested hobbyist and get them up and racing. who wouldnt want to fly a plane at 190+ mph? additionally we see some take offs, some failures and plenty of adrenaline inducing moments at this event.  enjoy!  -------------------------------------------------  follow rctv online here: facebook:  twitter:   instagram:    subscribe to x-ten productions here:  check out x-tens website for additional info:   want to provide a high quality closed captioning on your videos? inquire here:  q500 pylon racing air racing (organization sector) rctv racing rc radio control flying aviation plane diy pilots airplanes gliders speed 150 mph+ family fun hobby hobby store canada calgary ontario alberta pylon racing formula one (sport) do it yourself (hobby) remote control (invention)
bear's point of view: 2012 steady brook polar bear swim (by peter bull, newfoundland) polar bear view of the 2012 new year's day steady brook polar bear swim. 2012 polar bear dip swim peter bull peterabull newfoundland newfoundland and labrador ronan and cormac snow swimming event cold water swim humber river steady brook corner brook little rapids new year
aerial watson lake forest fire yt plume pano aerial watson lake yt  forest fire plume pano.  ...  filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, on the 8th leg of our western canadian arctic flying holiday 2010, as we head west towards our refueling stop at dease lake, bc via watson lake, yt. aerial canada scenic flying arctic watson lake yukon territory tundra forest fire yt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
okanagan lake  - incredibly  beautiful! this video was shot friday night july 17 on the okanagan lake waterfront and saturday july 18 morning in west kelowna, near boucherie rd.  just six hours before the glenrosa fire started.  music:  alex yiannaras  myspace.com/elixirion   thompson okanagan lake waterfront videos special events parks alive water sports jet skis roller-blading beaches float plane paddleboats resorts sailing boat boat rental cruises parasailing quails gate vineyard wineries grapes patio restaurant vistas real estate wine tasting tours landscaping echinacea green bay yt:crop=16:9 bc jcvdude localsknow ctc canadiantourism production kelowna new media artist news canada vacation packages holiday hotels tourismbc hellobc
destination quebec - quebecois cocktails   how to make two favourite local coacktails. bon voyage has been arranging holidays to montreal and quebec since 1979. we would love to discuss your plans for holidays to montreal and quebec, so call us on 0800 316 3012 or visit us  quebec cocktails travel holiday tourism vacation canada bon voyage
destination quebec - seaplane flying   seaplane flying in la mauricie national park. bon voyage has been arranging holidays to montreal and quebec since 1979. we would love to discuss your plans for holidays to montreal and quebec, so call us on 0800 316 3012 or visit us  canada seaplane quebec holiday vacation travel tourism bon voyage
cliff diving at laurie park  saute tabarnac!   jumping off the rock cliff at laurie park in nova-scotia canada. huge gainer off the top and a few backflips. so much fun someone almost looses their bikini top! cliff diving dive at laurie park jumping jump pool water swim jumps funny fun ouch back flop try back flip flip (acrobatic) laurie park huge gainer crazy back flip off high huge jump rock cliff sexy hot girl bikini fail sexy girl fail cute loose her top bathing suit arab saudi muslim canada vacation saut stunt saute de roche haut belle fille camping drole perd son nue accident oops halifax nova scotia national provincial  holiday swimming   
camping in kelowna, bc, wine country it was hot in kelowna, over 30 degrees!  aug. 2011 kelowna british columbia outdoors stove cooking camping campground summer fun holiday family canada
mountain sheep right on the road @okanagan lake a few minutes from lake okanagan stables at okanagan lake resort there was a bunch of mountain sheep on the road endangering themselves and the drivers of cars. we have seen the signs warning of mountain sheep in the area but i have never seen them so close to kelowna. mountain sheep lake okanagan stables ride swim mule travel vacation adventure sony hdr ax2000 1080i hd horses training arena morgan thoroughbred arabian quarter horse advanced custom novice beginner ride grooming saddling horsemanship skills trail riding program lessons cattle drive trail last minute cheap family excursion adventures vacations trips holiday all inclusive resort packages getaways ideas hotels hellobc jcvdude yolo events tourism travel wildlife nature videographer kelowna bc
british columbia canada back-roads back-roads, streams,lakes and deer.  still lots of room to roam the country side of british columbia. british columbia backroads canadian destinations vacations thompson okanagan traveling kootenays bird watching olympics kettle valley railway kamloops victoria whistler vancouver touring hiking mountain biking westjet vernon sunwing island jcvdude false creek real estate sailing skiing spalumcheen yt:crop=16:9 bcfieldreporterjcv jcv localsknow ctc canadiantourism videos production kelowna bc new media news holiday travel packages tourismbc hellobc
lundar beach provincial park  manitoba canada 2013 june lundar beach provincial park manitoba canada 2013 june. lundar manitoba (canadian province) lundar beach provincial park canada (country) chipmunk recreation trees lake swim dive diving (sport) swimming water pelicans tent camping holiday fun weekend family survival boat cabin   tourist destination tourism (interest)
pt 2 : around lake nippissing motorcycle tour went for a ride around lake nippissing in ontario canada the other day and did approx 300 to 400 kms with my buddy paul (  ) .  this is just a video of some of the stuff we saw . harley davidson harly davidson low boy 1100 shadow honda shadow 1100 rex4x4 french river blue bear bear blue travel road trip motorcycle bridge structure river ride cruise rocks aero
"yellowknife" frenchpeg's photos around yellowknife, canada preview of frenchpeg's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    entry from: yellowknife, canada  entry title: "yellowknife"    entry:    "yellowknife    aprs ma premire journe de mon priple de 2 semaines dans l'ouest canadien passe dans les aroports et les avions de 7h heure de montral  2h30 le lendemain matin heure de yellowknife (-2h par rapport  montral)!!, j'ai enfin russi  atteindre yellowknife  2h30 du mat dimanche o steph lui avait russi  arriver ds 14h samedi! (rsum de la journe galre : au lieu de faire une rservation montral-yellowknife directe, j'avais fait l'erreur de prendre 2 rsa montral-calgary / calgary-yellowknife ; m'tant rendu compte de cette potentielle source de problme, je l'ai mentionn  l'enregistrement  montral o on m'a dit qu'ils pouvaient rien faire et que je devrais sortir mes bagages  calgary et les renregistrer... moi videmment, j'ai pas insist puisqu'elles avaient l'air catgorique... grave erreur!... ce contre-temps ainsi qu'une 1/2h de retard d au vent m'a fait rater ma connexion  calgary que steph lui a russi  prendre de justesse ... j'ai ensuite pass une heure avec un adorable agente  calgary pour rcuprer cette erreur des montralaises qui auraient en fait, parat-il, totalement pu m'viter a (a a t long du fait du pass au sein duquel on ne peut rien annuler sans encourir des frais et qui est nouveau donc les agents savent pas trop encore comment le grer)... bref, je me suis retrouve  devoir prendre un vol calgary-edmonton (dj en retard d'1h  cause du temps dans les prairie) puis edmonton-yellowknife qui s'est avr en retard de 4 heures (du fait d'un problme de pare-brise qui les a fait chercher un autre avion ailleurs... et puis, (histoire de bien prouver ma patience remarquable ce jour-l, faut quand mme l'avouer) un manque de personnel  minuit et quelque  edmonton pour charger les bagages dans l'avion).... bref arrive  2h30 du mat  yellowknife.... mais au moins, j'ai pu faire tout mon travail dans les divers aroports... vive air canada ;-) donc ce matin, dodo et puis on est all chercher un resto par -38c (ressenti -45c!!)... oui oui... on est un peu dbiles... voir les photos ci-dessous :) :) :) on est revenu  l'htel pour s'organiser notre journe de demain (voir plus bas) et puis on est ressorti se promener dans la neige et on a travers le lac gel pour aller jusqu' la "vieille" ville o on a finit dans un bistro/resto de pcheurs rput ici (pas traditionnel comme on pourrait l'imaginer mais couvert de photos de jeunes touristes un peu fous, de blagues (du genre "personne n'est parfait... je suis personne") et tenu par des lesbiennes... toute une exprience) aprs retour nergique pour braver la temprature et livraison de mes boulos pour demain matin heure de dublin! programme de demain : sortie en traineau  chiens de midi et quelques  16h puis soire aurores borales de 20h  minuit dans un village avec des tipis et des fauteuils chauffants!! on vous racontera!! il devrait faire moins froid quand mme demain, car aujourd'hui, il n'y avait mme pas de sortie traineau  chieins car il faisait trop froid! on doit aussi, avant de partir ou entre les deux sorties, manger avec une fille de yellowknife rencontre dans l'avion et qui m'a dpos  l'htel  2h du matin avec son chum... les retards dans les avions, a cre des liens.... :) photos de yellowknife (pour les novices, c'est dans les territoires-du-nord-ouest,  2h en avion au nord de calgary... le grand nord canadien pratiquement la mme latitude que whitehorse dans le yukon en fait)    comme je suis arrive  2h30 du mat, inutile de vous dire que j'ai rien vu du tout de yellowknife en arrivant... ce matin, je tire mes rideaux et premire image de yellowknife (pour les novices, c'est 2h en avion au nord de calgary... le grand nord canadien  la mme latitude que whitehorse en fait:    un peu plus tard (14h, si si... le soleil va pas bien haut ici...) sur les "dunes" qui bordent le lac...    grand lac de l'esclave (big slave's lake)     mais puisque je vous dis que c'est un loup!! il tait tout seul, avait plus que 3 pattes... enfin bon... on saura jamais.... mais a ressemble bien quand mme....    portraits de gens un peu fls.... :) ..."  read and see more at:     photos from this trip:  1. "first great north sunrise"  2. "walk under the noon winter sun"  3. "grand lac de l'esclave (big slave's lake)"  4. "the three-legged wolf"  5. "sunset"    see this yellowknife yellowknife froid vol montreal yellowknife calgary yellowknife vol montral yellowknife northwest territories canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
banff avenue, banff, alberta, canada banff avenue is the main street in banff.  you will fall in love right away with banff avenue. there are many shops, restaurants and art galleries.  if you are stopping in at every little shop, your day will go by quickly.   late afternoon is when this street gets busy and around lunch time it is quieter and you can take your time strolling up and down each unique side. banff (city/town/village) avenue banff banff national park attraction shopping street travel food trip canada (country) alberta (canadian province)
"november comes early" traicee's photos around yelowknife, canada (great slave lake houseboats) preview of traicee's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  yelowknife wwoofing at blachford great slave lake houseboats flag yelowknife yelowknife canada yelowknife pictures november comes yellowknife river november comes early northwest territories canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
"kenora - lake of the woods" daslink's photos around kenora, canada (al capone lake of the woods) preview of daslink's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  al capone kenora al capone lake of the woods kenora lake anicinabe lake kenora blog al capone and kenora kenora canada al capone kenora ontario kenora lake woods ontario canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
"beautiful british colombia" siegfried_h.'s photos around fort nelson, canada (british columbia) preview of siegfried_h.'s blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  nelson british colombia beautiful british colombia nelson british colombia fort nelson british map of british colombia british colombia blogs lac de mondely glacier fondu beautiful british colombia fort nelson british columbia canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
best photos near saskatchewan, canada - incl. feilds on the way to leoville, living gold  the best pictures of saskatchewan taken by travel bloggers at travelpod.com the web's premier travel blogging platform. slideshow created at tripwow.com by tripadvisor.    top pics of saskatchewan    - "feilds on the way to leoville" by bdtravels from a blog titled "happy memories"  excerpt: "july 15th to all whom we have seen in alberta, thank you for your wonderful hospitality and visits. our g.p.s. is taking us the fastest route across eastern alberta to sask. it's an unfamiliar route by passing busy centers and showing off the true beauty of this rich farmland, ranch land, and oil country. the smell of fresh cut hay and the sight of bright yellow canola fields are breath taking. july17th we are so pleased to find mom doing so well. she is allowing us to cook dinner today. we took a 5 km. walk yesterday to purchase some home grown beef so bryan can do his magic on the barbecue. our walk back on the old nonfunctional railroad track was a " ...    - "living gold" by fuzzyhatjon from a blog titled "saskatchewan is flat"  excerpt: "i've been spending some time in saskatchewan for work lately. saskatchewan is not a huge tourist province. it's pretty much all the same; flat. i guess sometimes the flat is broken by "slightly lumpy". most of the cities have by pass routes that keep you away from the better parts of the city when driving through. i've been amazed at cities that i've driven through a dozen times, when i've strayed from the normal route. one radio commercial trying to attract people to (or rather, keep people in) saskatchewan has a line that goes: "just because most of us come from small towns, doesn't mean that we are all hicks". i found that amusing. i managed to find the "" ...    - "sunset on the birthday girl's day" by travelingcanada from a blog titled "what's that noise?"  excerpt: "after the heat of saskatoon (34 degrees) and boredom of being on housekeeping duty we were anxious to visit a lake -- last mountain lake provincial park looked promising and was a bit of an unplanned stop since we were actually headed to motherwell farm further east. but not being in a hurry has advantages and we opted to detour south a bit to see what last mountain lake had to offer. strasbourg was our last stop in town before heading in to find camping so we stopped for some ice cream and some very homemade and very yummy peanut butter pie. lizzie has developed a rice krispie square habit that we'll have to eventually break her of, but now when we stop " ...    - "from heaven" by fuzzyhatjon from a blog titled "saskatchewan is flat"      more from saskatchewan at  living gold feilds on the way to leoville from heaven sunset on the birthday girl's day photos from saskatchewan canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation slide show
"living on the lake" philo's photos around lake louise, canada preview of philo's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    entry from: lake louise, canada  entry title: "living on the lake."    entry:    "this will be our first white christmas. we are both looking forward to it, but to be honest its scant compensation for all that we are missing at home. chrimbo is never the same when you're away. sure, we'll make the most of it and get drunk to beat the band, but at the end of the day you can't beat a dublin silly season.   happy christmas everyone.........   there are a few photo's attached. we're still in lake louise and everything is grand. its bleedin cold though. the temperature hasn't gone above minus 8 in three weeks. the coldest snap so far has gotten down to minus 32. cold in the carpark i tell ya. the skiing is really coming on though. looking forward to seeing everyone in the new year.    congratulation to conor and emma, hope the honeymoon went well and fair play to the dirty one for asking the hard question.   take it easy,   philo."  read and see more at:     photos from this trip:  1. "frozen lake louise"  2. "hot tub"  3. "k on a bridge"  4. "lake louise ski resort"  5. "pipestone river"  6. "ski louise gondola top view"  7. "ski louise larch chair view"  8. "view from chucktown"    see this tripwow and more at  life at lake louise forum chucktown lake louise lake louise chucktown life in lake louise chucktown lake louise canada living lake lake louise banff national park canadian rockies alberta canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
"dog sledding in canada" kennyincanada's photos around lake louise, canada (dog sleighing canada) preview of kennyincanada's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  grea diide dog sledding dog blogs canada dog sledding lake louise forum lake louise mushing dog sledding in canada dog sled pictures canada travel by dog team dog sleighing canada dog team sleeping bags sledding canada lake louise banff national park canadian rockies alberta trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
canoeing with a roll up j-pole canoeing up big salmon lake in the frontenac provincial park with a roll up j-pole for aprs positioning.  worked pretty well, see  va3sie qrp aprs frontenac canoe trip camping canada ontario
"tumbler ridge" clanmac's photos around tumbler ridge area british columbia, canada (travel pics) preview of clanmac's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  tumbler ridge blog tumbler ridge alberta tumbler ridge camps blogs tumbler ridge tumbler ridge british columbia tumblerridge alberta tumber ridge founder tumbler travel mugs in canada tumbler ridge bc tumbler ridge keg river alberta canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
coulonge-noire 2010 camp pathfinder camp pathfinder sent a trip down the coulange and noire rivers in quebec, july-august 2010, 18 days, 9 men. +coulange +noire +camp pathfinder +canoe trip
algonquin outfitters outdoor store the heart and soul of algonquin outfitters is found at our original store in oxtongue lake, opened in 1961. a lot has changed since that day and a lot has not. the oxtongue lake base maintains the largest selection of outfitting equipment, canoes and camping supplies. canada's largest light weight rental canoe fleet is hosted here, along with a wide selection of kayaks and even four 26' voyageur canoes for group outings. with a wide range of camping and canoeing gear, bikes and accessories in the rental program, the oxtongue lake store is set up to outfit almost any wilderness adventure.    our main outfitting base is located just outside the western entrance to algonquin park. the resort community of oxtongue lake is near the village of dwight, about 20 minutes from huntsville on highway 60. established in 1961 by bill swift sr. and his family, the store is centrally located to canoe route access points both along highway 60 and on the west side of the park. additionally, it is the home of the swift canoe company's algonquin canoe store, where a wide variety of canoe models are available for sale and test paddling.      toll free reservations: 1.800.469.4948 algonguqin outfitters wilderness canoe trip park canada muskoka ontario oxtongue lake opeongo paddles kayak lifejacket pfd camping hiking maps map trail portage fun summer canada outdoors canoe trip
perce' rock, quebec, canada . hole in a rock, must see the gaspe another vid on my little vacation in quebec, if you ever get a chance to travel this is a place to take a look at. thanks for watching qubec (canadian province) perc rock (geographical feature) you see must thank thank you again must see canada (country) see you things to seee gaspe' gasp peninsula (location) road trip
"peace river, alberta" travelmenu's photos around peace river, canada (travel albertapeace river) preview of travelmenu's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  things to do in peace river travel albertapeace river peace river alberta photos peace river ab canada photos peace river alberta blog peace river hotel july 23 peace river alberta peace river alberta peace river canada peace river canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
get your paws off my beaver - senator nicole eaton youtube conservative senator nicole eaton wants to replace the beaver as canada's national animal emblem. what's wrong with the beaver? what's the beaver ever done to her? beavers are good, canadians love their beaver. beavers are cute and furry. i like the beaver.    dam building can be very beneficial in restoring wetlands. such wetland benefits include flood control downstream, biodiversity (by providing habitat for many rare as well as common species), and water cleansing, both by the breakdown of toxins such as pesticides and the retention of silt by beaver dams. over the eons, this collection of silt produces the rich bottom land so sought after by farmers. beaver dams reduce erosion as well as decrease the turbidity that is a limiting factor for much aquatic life. while beavers can create damage, part of the problem is one of perception and time scale.     a beaver dam has a certain amount of freeboard above the water level. when heavy rains occur, the pond fills up and the dam gradually releases the extra stored water. often this is all that is necessary to reduce the height of the flood wave moving down the river, and will reduce or eliminate damage to human structures. flood control is achieved in other ways as well. the surface of any stream intersects the surrounding water table. by raising the stream level, the gradient of the surface of the water table above the beaver dam is reduced, and water near the beaver dam flows more slowly into the stream. this further helps in reducing flood waves, and increases water flow when there is no rain. beaver dams also smooth out water flow by increasing the area wetted by the stream. this allows more water to seep into the ground where its flow is slowed. this water eventually finds its way back to the stream. rivers with beaver dams in their head waters have lower high water and higher low water levels    beaver ponds can cause the removal of nutrients from the stream flow. farming along the banks of rivers often increases the loads of phosphates, nitrates and other nutrients, which can cause eutrophication and may contaminate drinking water. besides silt, the beaver dam collects twigs and branches from the beavers' activity and leaves, notably in the fall. the main component of this material is cellulose, a polymer of -glucose monomers (this creates a more crystalline structure than is found in starch, which is composed of -glucose monomers. cellulose is a type of polysaccharide.) many bacteria produce cellulase which can split off the glucose and use it for energy. just as algae get their energy from sunlight, these bacteria get their energy from cellulose, and they form the base of a very similar food chain. however, a source of energy is not enough for growth. these bacterial populations face serious shortages of nitrogen and phosphorus compounds, and will absorb these nutrients as they pass by in the water stream. in this way, these and other nutrients are fixed into the beaver pond and the surrounding ecology, and are removed from the stream.    agriculture also introduces herbicides and pesticides into streams. some of these toxicants are metabolized and decomposed by the bacteria in the cellulose-rich bottom of a beaver dam.    a canadian ecologist has discovered the world's largest beaver dam in a remote area of northern alberta, an animal-made structure so large it is visible from space.    researcher jean thie said wednesday he used satellite imagery and google earth software to locate the dam, which is about 850 meters (2,800 feet) long on the southern edge of wood buffalo national park.    average beaver dams in canada are 10 to 100 meters long, and only rarely do they reach 500 meters.      music by 01 - zero-project - 01 - land of legends beaver national animal canada senator nicole eaton marshes preservation wood buffalo park beaver dam disappearing wetlands migration route protection freshwater management restoration program reserve wetlands river creek agriculture herbicides pesticides toxicants nitrogen phosphorus birds fish insects flood environment rodent breaking news camping rving last minute cheap vacation guide package trip yolo jcvdude sony hdr 3d td10 ax2000 hd nature tourism destination review videographer
"deer lake" hermamma's photos around deer lake, canada (newfoundland and labrador) preview of hermamma's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  train deer lake st john's deer lake deer lake newfoundland and labrador canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
matt wilson and jeremy kruckel's canoe trip the boys paddle from otter bay on the french river just south of lake nipissing down and out to georgian bay, then across to killarney matt wilson jeremy kruckel french river georgian bay canoe trip
heaven's gate, du sable river heaven's gate waterfall & canyon on du sable river, northern quebec. video recorded during our canoe expedition du sable/caniapiscau/koksoak 2009; see  canyon waterfall canoe trip
cycling, camping summerland, british columbia - 2012 a compilation of pictures and video clips of my recent trip to summerland, british columbia.  cycling and camping and generally having fun with a great bunch of people.  bonus - bulldog snoring in the end.  :-d   cycling penticton princeton summerland peachland kelowna okanagan lake camping lakeside british columbia biking touring tour snoring bulldog flying dog sunrise sunset ogopogo iphone gopro trip
temagami 8 day canoe trip - part 2 of 2 (2009) this is the footage taken from an eight day canoe trip i did with a friend of mine in the temagami region in ontario, canada.  it was my first trek in temagami and it proved to be a tough go but worth every effort. it's worth noting that a good chunk of the trip wasn't actually in a park at all, hence some difficult portages.  the route involved about 41 lakes and rivers and i have a full one hour trip log in the wings that i will likely be posting on a future date to help anyone who would like to do this same trip or sections of it.  to outline the loop we did, some of the bodies of water involved - starting with: red squirrel lake, eagle lake, sir devon lake, lady evelyn lake, sucker gut lake, lady evelyn river  - south channel, diamond lake, sharp rock inlet and back to red squirrel lake.    thanks for watching and i hope you enjoy it... howto temagami provincial park algonquin trek canoe trip paddle paddling camp camping backcountry outdoors portage bushcraft survival maddy goose evelyn smoothwater hike tips
alaska to texas, day 1 - the final goodbye to alaska - vlog 60, 06/19/2012 06/19/2012 anchorage, alaska, usa to beaver creek, yukon territory, canada  ---  i'm going to miss this state... but at the same time, i know i'm going to a place that will better suit my needs. so on the way out... gassed up three times, drove through a thunderstorm with sheet rain you couldn't see a 1/4 mile through, a couple construction bypasses... and we land in beaver creek around 11:20pm pacific time. wow. my first self-driven excursion out of my home country.. lol!  so this video was a lot longer than i had anticipated or hoped for... lol. took an entire 6 hours plus to work it... 68 total separate video clips between two cameras, rendered 4 times through two different editors.... lol, good times.  don't forget, the trip log is always viewable at  !! check in if you like!  want to get to know me more outside of youtube? then feel free to visit my site!  ak49bwl vlog hd720 camping campground trailer anchorage alaska to longview texas ak tx houston journey travel drive truck driving long alcan highway road trip hidef 720p
"fast water and a sunset dinner" bonaventure's photos around dent island lodge bc canada, canada preview of bonaventure's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  dent island lodge dent island photos dent island hotel yuculta rapids bc pictures dent island bc dent islands canada desolation sound map dent island stewart island bc dent island british columbia nordstrom family dent island resort review fast water sunset dinner sonora island british columbia canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
last trip to the cliff (telkwa bc) after grandpa koopmans funeral the girls wanted to take one last trip to their favourite place in telkwa. the cliff overlooking where the bulkley and telkwa rivers meet.  filmed with:  gopro hero3 samsung galaxy s5  music:  koopmans telkwa smithers bc british columbia bulkley river telkwa river beautiful cliff river canada family girls grandpa grandma funeral trip favorite remember sad bulkley bulkley valley gopro hero3 samsung s5 lookout viewpoint camera selfie overwerk create north northern hot remembering sisters grandmas grandpas footage cliffside mom dad 2016 june show live awesome blog vlog
"glacier hunting" nearhelsinki's photos around lake louise, canada (hunting sites in lake louise) preview of nearhelsinki's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  hunting lake louise hunting sites in lake louise tea house at lake louise glacier hunting lake louise banff national park canadian rockies alberta canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
"parc sleeping giant jusqu'" gensphoto's photos around terrace bay, canada (parc d'argent cell) preview of gensphoto's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    entry from: terrace bay, canada  entry title: "parc sleeping giant jusqu'"    entry:    "*** english below ***    parc sleeping giant jusqu' terrace bay, on    bon matin du parc sleeping giant! quel superbe endroit ici, je me sens vraiment gte d'avoir ma petite plage prive (mme si c'est juste 30ft de plage). au loin je pense qu'on est supposs voir un gant couch. je me suis bien imagin qu'un tel site devait tre populaire alors me je suis rendue au kiosque d'enregistrement mais malheureusement, quelqu'un avait rserv mon site pour ce soir. j'ai demand si celui d' ct tait galement rserv, oui, l'autre d'aprs, oui, oui, oui, donc, l'ado de 16 ans derrire le comptoir ne semblait aucunement motive  me trouver un autre terrain de camping alors j'ai dcid de plier bagage et aller dormir plus loin. de toute faon j'ai mon site jusqu' 2pm et ensuite je peux aller faire de la randonne.    j'ai enfin dcouvert qui est le roi de la plage ici (je trouvais a bizarre aussi qu'il n'y ait ni insectes, ni oiseaux, ni mammifres...) - j'ai trouv la rponse aprs que la majorit des campeurs soit partie et lorsque l'quipe de nettoyage est arrive - les canards! ils se promenaient de site en site et mangeaient tout ce qu'ils pouvaient trouver, lorsqu'ils m'ont aperu ils sont tout de suite venus me voir, mais ce n'tait pas des canards terroristes, ils sont partis quand je leur ai dit de s'en aller. je les ai observs dans leur tche pas trs ardue de se goinfrer de site de camping en site de camping. je le savais qu'il devait y avoir un roi de la plage (ou des reines).    une fois bien installe tranquillement sur la plage avec mon caf et un de mes super magaines, je me suis fait amie avec un canard qui est calmement venu s'installer  ct de moi pour faire sa longue toilette personnelle, aprs quoi il s'est endormi tout prs de moi, presque comme un animal de compagnie. son frre ou sa soeur est venu me voir aussi, par contre ce canard l tait plus actif et il m'a fait sa plus belle face de quteux - j'ai d le faire s'en aller de quelques mouvements de la main, ce qui a rveill mon nouvel ami qui s'en est all lui aussi. je me suis mme permis une petite baignade dans le lac (pas une grande baignade, je n'aime pas trop a jouer dans l'eau). moi, dans un lac, toute seule! que je m'tonne des fois! la seule raison (les seules devrais-je dire) c'est que le lac tait super clair, propre, pas profond, et trs chaud! c'est trs rate que je me plonge dans l'eau (comme vous commencer  le savoir, je suis une poltronne dans ben des situations, incluant les lacs profonds et noirs).    il tait dj le temps de partir! je me suis arrte au centre d'information pour avoir des suggestions, et j'y ai appris qu'il y avait une mine d'argent abandonne tout prs,  silver inslet. cette mine tait situe sur un tout petit bout de terre et se trouvait sous l'eau,  381m (1250ft) de profondeur - c'tait mme pendant un certain temps la mine d'argent la plus riche au monde. la mine tait difficile d'accs, il tait difficile de fournir un logement pour tous les mineurs, la seule source d'air dans la mine venaient de tuyaux qui sortaient  la surface de l'eau, les bottes  cap d'acier n'existaient pas encore, et la seule lumire disponible dans la mine tait  la lueur des chandelles!!! quand mme, entre 1868 et 1884 la mine a produit pour 3.25m$ d'argent, un trs grande richesse dans ce temps l. en voyant la mine des airs (par des photos) jamais on ne dirait qu'il y a un si grand trsor cach sous l'eau! je suis alle au magasin gnral de ce temps-l, et j'ai rsist  la tentation des belles grosses tartes cuisines sur place. j'avais l'intention d'aller marcher, pas d'aller faire une sieste aprs m'tre gave!    je m'en allais ..."  read and see more at:     photos from this trip:  1. "campsite on lac mary in sleeping giant park"  2. "a cute beggar's face - go away!"  3. "silver inslet general store"  4. "sea lion (rock arch)"  5. "lake at the end of the hiking trail"  6. "driving on rock at thunder bay lookout"  7. "viewpoint from the thunder bay lookout"  8. "it's a long drive in ontario"  9. "viewpoint on lake superior"  10. "a replica of the silver inslet mine"  11. "tempting home-baked pies at the general store"  12. "the cleaning crew at sleeping giant park"  13. "bambi and mommy"  14. "bambi"  15. "my duck friend sleeping"  16. "don't know yet - young coyote?  some kind of fox?"  17. "a deer that needs to quia reveiller young fox and coyote pictures thecoachhouse onterracebay parc provincial sleeping giant parc d'argent cell parc sleeping jusqu' terrace bay ontario canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
cpr holiday train maple ridge bc christmas 2005 cpr holiday train maple ridge bc. filmed and produced by d. hecker cpr holiday train christmas vancouver
"17 road to hinton" tombuttle's photos around hinton, canada (rock lake road hinton alberta) preview of tombuttle's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  hinton alberta blog rock lake road hinton alberta rock lake lodge hinton hinton free campground free camping hinton alberta hinton pics of logging pierre greys campground pierre grey camping rock lake alberta mason sign road hinton canadian rockies alberta canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
sproat lake road trip a visit to fluid motion's world headquarters slalom road trip fluid motion sproat lake
"09 little buffalo river" tombuttle's photos around dawson landing, canada (little buffalo nwt) preview of tombuttle's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  little buffalo river pics little buffalo nwt little buffalo river camp site little buffalo lake canada little buffalo river fishing dawson's landing rivers inlet buffalo river pictures little buffalo pictures treaty 8 little buffalo river little buffalo river northwest territories canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
nunavut, canada and surroundings traveler photos - tripadvisor tripwow  - tour of nunavut, canada created at tripwow by travelpod (a tripadvisor company)    tripadvisor tripwow slideshow of nunavut by travelpod.    cities visited on this trip:  - iqaluit, nunavut, canada    photos in this video:  - "baffin island" by heidi.brown from a blog titled "overnighting in iqaluit" nunavut canada nunavut iqaluit tour slideshow nunavut canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation slide show tour
bow lake - alberta, canada  - created at tripwow by travelpod attractions    bow lake alberta  read more at:     travel blogs from bow lake:  - "of talus cones on the adjacent peak, which were of particular interest to me we moved on after photos and headed just down the road to bow lake, another glacial lake, the bow glacier at the end of the valley providing a perfect backdrop, again we had a"  - "we stopped off at bow lake for some lunch and soaked in the views"  - "from peyto lake took the parkway back towards banff stopping to look at bow lake and the bow glacier that feeds it (interesting to note that apparantly the retreat of that glacier has actually slowed in recent"  - "bow lake was covered with a thin layer of ice"  - "then we went to see the sunwapata falls and another lake called bow lake"  - "it was covered in a thick layer of snow despite it being june and we then went on to bow lake nestled in bow glacier before heading to our last stop of the day mistaya canyon"  - "afterwards we stopped for a look at bow lake - beautiful again then onwards to banff"  - "the rrockies, it was beautiful after about 10 minutes in the freezing cold we pushed on for a second visit to bow lake, again the different weather conditions providing a completely differing expereince, great! the next stop eagarly anticipated, another"  - "freezing river, i backtracked towards peyto lake in the hope of seeing some nice reflections, and i achieved this aim immediately at bow lake - to think that all these magnificent emerald lakes are all situated in such a small area i'd already been to"  read these blogs and more at:     photos from:  - jasper, jasper national park, canadian rockies, alberta, canada  - canmore, canadian rockies, alberta, canada  - alberta, canada  - banff, banff national park, canadian rockies, alberta, canada  - lake louise, banff national park, canadian rockies, alberta, canada    photos in this video:  - "bow lake (along icefield parkway)" by elopfamily from a blog titled "rocky mountain high"  - "heidi and helen in bow lake" by ktsmith from a blog titled "the icefields parkway and jasper"  - "crowfoot mountain and bow lake" by eagle46 from a blog titled "icefields parkway part 2"  - "walking around bow lake" by a_d_smith from a blog titled "numpty"  - "bow glacier & bow lake" by cazza_macca from a blog titled "the rockies rock! (part 1)"  - "bow lake - pig & me" by ecschultz from a blog titled "calgary and lake louise"  - "bow lake & glacier" by canada_vegas_10 from a blog titled "the icefield parkway to jasper"  - "kayaking bow lake" by ringsven from a blog titled "banff to jasper national park"  - "bow lake" by christine.stone from a blog titled "onto banff" bow lake lake in canada icefield parkway lake alberta canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation slide show
algonquin solo canoe trip with my dog (trip 1, part 1 of 2) while freezing my tail off in january i was pining for a canoe trip. i dug up some videos of a route i did on, and around, booth lake in algonquin provincial park with my dog maddy, aka the goose (don't ask). it was a rainy few days but none the less a beautiful trip with lots of portaging, doing a few crafts, great paddling and oh, did i mention rain? if you've also found yourself daydreaming about a canoe trip lately then maybe this will help you as it did me.    cheers,  troy howto algonquin provincial park interior solo canoe trip paddle paddling rain camp camping outdoors portage canada bushcraft survival backcountry dog algonquin provincial park (protected site) outdoor recreation (interest) survival skills (tv genre)
temagami canoe adventure a week long canoe adventure in the temagami region of ontario, canada. the canoe trip traverses lady evelyn-smoothwater provincial park and solace pp. a climb to the highest point in ontario, ishpatina ridge, is one of the highlights. temagami canoe trip expedition lady evelyn smoothwater florence ishpatina solace camping sunset kayak lake nature enya travel
algonquin solo canoe trip with my dog (trip 1, part 2 of 2) while freezing my tail off in january i was pining for a canoe trip. i dug up some videos of a route i did on, and around, booth lake in algonquin provincial park with my dog maddy, aka the goose (don't ask). it was a rainy few days but none the less a beautiful trip with lots of portaging, doing a few crafts, great paddling and oh, did i mention rain? if you've also found yourself daydreaming about a canoe trip lately then maybe this will help you as it did me.    cheers,  troy howto algonquin provincial park interior solo canoe trip paddle paddling rain camp camping outdoors portage lake canada bushcraft survival backcountry algonquin provincial park (protected site) survival skills (tv genre) dog
"06 hay river" tombuttle's photos around hay river, canada (hay river ontario attractions) preview of tombuttle's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  things to do in hay river vancouver to hay river hay river ontario hay river ontario attractions tronto to hay river hay fort pictures wabasca river highway 88 alberta moose hay river red earth creek river northwest territories canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
dive source ice dive - kirkfield, canada march 08 underwater video from the dive source ice diving course held at kirkfield, ontario canada quarry on march 1 and 2 - courtesy of r. perry. for more info visit  scuba ice diving technical winter sports
"day 13" mhartsell's photos around inuvik, canada (northwest territories) preview of mhartsell's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  inuvik northwest territories canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
nation river - indata lake to tchentlo lake the nation river is part of the nation lakes canoe route, a wilderness canoe trip in british columbia, canada. nation lakes lake canoe route chain trip wilderness outdoors tsayta indata tchentlo chuchi park water
 quebec, canada abitibi temiscamingue  bikeway the mocassin quebec, canada abitibi temiscamingue  bikeway the mocassin:  the green road: e angliers to ville marie with bike  map of the green road:   26 countries visited and more ...  other projects coming!  do not forget to subscribe.  new videos every week  if you like our videos please click on i like! let us also comment!  share this video on social networks or embed youtube with options to a website mentioning us and keeping the video as it is without any modification. (the links should always go on the video to make sure the numbers of views on youtube)  new videos on our youtube channel:      website:  facebook:  photos:  twitter voyagemonde:  email: blogtourdumonde@gmail.com   dany thibault & maryse guvin   music used:music used: look inside by jahzzar licensed under creative commons cc-by 3.0 unported license |   bikeway trip travel around the world tour world road trip video youtube qubec (canadian province) canada (country) landscape bike
"3. saskatchewan - 'grain, cows and wheat'" roadtripcanada's photos around across saskatchewan preview of roadtripcanada's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  saskatchewan travel blog saskatchewan grain saskatchewan 'grain cows wheat' canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
rene's cruises french river ontario we are up in the picturesque french river area and decide to check out the cruise of french river, met up with rene(previous french river mayor and scuba diver) owner of company and gave us a private tour, we had a blast, our only regret was that we didnt do the picnic tour, which includes a nice swim, rates were extremly reasonable, ours was a private tour so 2 of us and lasted 2 hours and was $20 each. depart from totem point lodge, rated one of the best boat tours by toronto star, sun, and toronto life   rene cruise cruises french river ontario tourism adventure value bargain diamond in the ruff french irish canada boat pontoon north sudbury excursion things to do must see must do evinou seth gervais noelville nippissing trip summer
newfoundland part 1 of 8 across newfoundland, from port au basque to st. johns, and back, and then back to ontario. canada newfoundland st johns driving trip
"a short ride that seemed to take forever" 2up4ever's photos around terrace bay, canada (ontario) preview of 2up4ever's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  terrace bay paper mill moose sighting in marathon ont marathon ontario depressed the coachouse ont terrace bay terrace bay moose sightings motel in usa aquasabon waterfalls wawa area primrose motel aguasabon falls short ride that seemed take forever terrace bay ontario canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
temagami 8 day canoe trip - part 1 of 2 (2009) this is the footage taken from an eight day canoe trip i did with a friend of mine in the temagami region in ontario, canada.  it was my first trek in temagami and it proved to be a tough go but worth every effort.  the route involved about 41 lakes and rivers and i have a full one hour trip log in the wings that i will likely be posting on a future date to help anyone who would like to do this same trip or sections of it.  to outline the loop we did, some of the bodies of water involved - starting with: red squirrel lake, eagle lake, sir devon lake, lady evelyn lake, sucker gut lake, lady evelyn river  - south channel, diamond lake, sharp rock inlet and back to red squirrel lake. howto temagami algonquin provincial park trek canoe trip paddle paddling camp camping backcountry outdoors portage bushcraft survival maddy goose evelyn smoothwater hike tips troy gaylord
"cliff-top camping in vernon" lakeshorecrew's photos around vernon, canada (british columbia) preview of lakeshorecrew's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  camping and cabins vernon forum vernon okanagan camping vernon canada command centre waterfront camping vernon campsite on a cliff canada bc provincial parks camping cliff-top camping british columbia canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
"ontario sights" homeport's photos around marathon, canada (marathon ontario picturwes) preview of homeport's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  ontario sights marathon ontario aquasbon gorge marathon ontario pictures marathon ont marathon ontario picturwes marathon wifi terry fox terry fox pictures ontario sights canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
backcountry 2010 - eels creek canoe route a short weekend trip completed in the fall of 2010 to eels creek, north or peterborough ontario. this trip is great for novice canoeists with easy short portages and great scenery. highlights include high falls and some of the many rapids on the river. alternatively you can backpack from the parking lot to high falls or into petroglyphs provincial park.    subscribe for more and keep updated, you never know where we'll go next. eels creek river water canoe high falls backcountry camping rapids hiking kawarthas tent fire fall portage trip ontario stajanleafs tourism outdoor sports backcountrytv brad jennings
"open hall" flyin_bayman's photos around open hall, canada (open hall newfoundland photos) preview of flyin_bayman's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  open hall newfoundland open hall bonavista bay open hall nl open hall nfld open hall newfoundland photos pictures of open hall open hall canada open hall newfoundland hotels open hall trinity newfoundland and labrador canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
"dease lake rv park" rayandchrista's photos around dease lake rv park, canada (british columbia) preview of rayandchrista's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  dease lake rv park deaselakerv dease lake dease lake rv park dease lake rv parks dease lake rv park bc canada rv parks blog post hui one scenery 2 picture ontario scenery dease lake park dease lake british columbia canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
"points north" myjob's photos around points north, canada (uranium at points north saskatchewan) preview of myjob's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  points north points north canada points north dc3 hotel points north landings travell blog north canada points north careers ca points north landing hotel uranium at points north saskatchewan points north landing canada points north stony rapids canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
algonquin park algonquin park canoe trip in july 2010: north tea lake and lost dog lake. 'algonquin park' algonquin 'canoe trip' ontario 'family camping' canada canoe 'kids summer holiday
speedspecialists  - "sailing from i14 alberta 2008"  - great footage of the alberta crew from the 2008 season. sailing i14's involve stamina, strength, and agility in order to sail the boat to its full potential. i14 sailing alberta extreme skiff wabamun regatta water
mattagami river bridge - may 1, 2013 spring thaw has swelled the banks of the mattagami river in timmins, ontario.  ice floes bottleneck at the bridge near the boat launch. river water timmins flood ice bridge
algonquin park 2014 -- canoe lake to merchant lake a five day canoe trip starting at canoe lake in algonquin park and heading up to happy isle lake, merchant lake, big trout lake, mcintosh lake and ending at canoe lake canoeing algonquin provincial park (protected site) canoe lake happy isle lake merchant lake
boat cruise across lovesick lake - gopro  facebook @   a glorious day on the water as we cruise across a peaceful and calm lovesick lake, along the 240 mile long trent severn waterway in ontario, canada. this clip takes us from the top of the burleigh falls lock to the bottom of lovesick lock. captured in august, 2013.  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  future dvd productions will include travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information.  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun tsw playlist lovesick lake cruising trent severn waterway cruise water gopro (brand) boats summer vacation holiday
great place to celebrate weekands with friends and family - pothier lake, manitoba great place to celebrate christmas with friends and family   lot 5, pothier lake, mb $294,000   - mls #1316446  - 608 sq. ft.   - fully furnished remote cabin and guest house  - laminate & wood flooring  - loft bedroom in main cabin  - 3pce bath  - 2 wood stoves  - solar system  - argo, boats, quad included - 40' dock   best place for holidays  at pothier lake, mb. family (film genre) christmas great friends best best friends pothier lake lake lake side cottage manitoba manitoba lake canada merry holiday camping weekend fun
2014 red angus fall born bulls - pen  2 - canada's bulls - m.c. quantock - chapter 3 of 22 2014 m.c. quantock "canada's bulls" bull sale saturday, january 25, 2014  10,000 bulls... 45 sales... stability and longevity... unequaled  -- full 1080p hd video preview --  sale preview   4 minutes 16 seconds, chapter 1   red angus fall born bulls - pen  1  2 minutes 14 seconds, chapter 2   red angus fall born bulls - pen  2  2 minutes 31 seconds, chapter 3   red angus summer two year old bulls - pen  1  2 minutes 17 seconds, chapter 4   red angus summer two year old bulls - pen  2  2 minutes 12 seconds, chapter 5   super baldie fall born bulls (red angus x simmental)  1 minutes 49 seconds, chapter 6   super baldie summer two year old bulls (red angus x simmental)  2 minutes 39 seconds, chapter 7   bulls for commercial cattlemen, we sell reality   0 minutes 26 seconds, chapter 8   hereford fall born bulls   2 minutes 08 seconds, chapter 9   h-2 summer two year old bulls (hereford x simmental)   1 minutes 55 seconds, chapter 10   black angus fall born bulls  2 minutes 33 seconds, chapter 11   black angus summer two year old bulls - pen  1  2 minutes 16 seconds, chapter 12   black angus summer two year old bulls - pen  2  2 minutes 04 seconds, chapter 13   black super baldie yearling bulls (angus x simmental)  1 minutes 49 seconds, chapter 14   black super baldie fall born bulls (angus x simmental)  2 minutes 12 seconds, chapter 15   black super baldie summer two year old bulls (angus x simmental)  1 minutes 41 seconds, chapter 16   mac creech's outlook on the canadian cattle market  0 minutes 52 seconds, chapter 17   super guppie fall born bulls (red angus x gelbvieh)  2 minutes 28 seconds, chapter 18   charolais summer two year old bulls  2 minutes 24 seconds, chapter  19   charolais spring two year old bulls  2 minutes 26 seconds, chapter  20   sight unseen purchase plan explained  4 minutes 37 seconds, chapter  21   mac creech's annual reflection on the year and the cattle industry  2 minutes 17 seconds, chapter  22   this is a preview of the 375 bulls on offer at our saturday, january 25, 2014 sale in lloydminster, alberta / saskatchewan. on sale day all cattle are displayed in large pens at the indoor heated facility at the lloydminster exhibition grounds.  call mac creech, dvm  1-800-561-bull (2855)  website   email mcquantock@hotmail.com  on facebook   on twitter   on youtube  red angus bulls canada alberta saskatchewan bull sale mac creech quantock cattle cows purebred sire seed stock fall born vet dvm heifers lloydminster manitoba british columbia bc ontario two year olds yearlings spring summer industry commercial cattlemen registered unregistered ab sk mb on canadian
shoal cove heights swift current newfoundland **   this ocean view property is a must see30 minutes from refinery,40 minutes from clarenvilleproperty has a 1 bedroom & 2 bedroom detached apartmentbeautiful summer home with 2 apartment rentals    virtual tour:    **refer to listing website for current information.  video uploaded on wed 24 mar, 2010 real estate swift current newfoundland real estate home tour sale swift current newfoundland a0e2w
green lake bc lots for sale for sale green lake 100 mile house 70
351 christie road - real estate for sale beautiful 5 acre river lot along the banks of the red river, winnipeg manitoba. survey has been completed and includes a proposed 2 acre subdivision. a 1300 square foot bungalow, built in 1973, is located on the 3 acre lot. well water and tank/septic field system. call for appointment today. 880-5451. asking price $599,900 real estate for sale winnipeg manitoba. river lot acres bungalow custom video walk through tour.
honey harbor madness sailboat aluva wends its way through honey harbor in se georgian bay on canada day weekend sailing cruising north channel georgian bay
sailing our oday 20 sailing our oday 20 "cinnamon girl" on okanagan lake with bonnie at the helm sailing cougar oday sailboat sail
sailing with duke, red and the masons an afternoon sail on the ottawa river with andrew, eric, phil and mel sailing boats river weekend
strawberry island light the picturesque lighthouse near little current, ontario sailing cruising north channel georgian bay
sailing on great slave lake approaching yellowknife bay. a great day to sail from romance harbour on the west mirage islands to yellowknife after picking cranberries on the last overnight cruise of the year.  c&c 25 powered by north. yellowknife sailing great slave lake cruising c&c boats water sports
we got stuck in the weeds sailing! here is a quick video of a friend and i sailing in the ottawa river today! we got stuck in the weeds and almost beached the boat but luckily got out!  sc:  subscribe!:  facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  beme: hqcinick snapchat: nickskiguy97 web:  music: mike masse ottawa river sailing on a big boat yaght huge big ottawa ontario suck our got stuck capsized beached canada
bertram creek park - british columbia just 10 minutes from downtown kelowna, bertram creek park is an oasis. bertam creek park videos chamber of commerce travel vacations getaway okanagan lake wine festival regatta golf ogopogo british columbia holiday destination canada vacation packages boat rental tours golfing canadian resorts westjet jcvdude tourismbc hellobc casino gambling polo soccer sailing sail boarding kiteboarding mountain biking wineries sunwing resorts lodges lakefront birding ornithology hostel water skiing marinas marathons fitness sports kelowna
nita lake lodge experience summer time at nita lake lodge, lakeside lodging, dining and spa in whistler bc hotel (accommodation type) whistler (city/town/village) holiday travel summer travel channel (tv network) weekend
summer boating holiday cruise 2012 part 4 part four of our summer 2012 boating holidays. cruising north on georgian bay through the thirty thousand islands on our way from midland to henry's restaurant.  henry's restaurant is located on a small island (frying pan island) on georgian bay, south west of parry sound, ontario. here is a link to google maps location;   - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' cruise holidays sea ray sedan bridge summer georgian bay boating gopro henrys midland yamaha boat holiday fun
summertime 2014 b.c. canada hiking, camping, boating, and hanging with good friends shot on the gopro hero black 3+  songs:   keep the lights on - wave machines running - milky chance fish lake kookanusa silver springs backflip time lapse british columbia gopro hero black fun awesome camping wilderness amazing snow water boating beach cliff jumping awesome music summer (literature subject) cool holiday canada funny beersby frisbee family weekend scenery
what a view! canoe trip & fool's gold what a view! mattawa river ontario canada  subscribe to my new channels! honest abe's reviews -  mudrfunr's kitchen -  l'auberge des pioneers cabin rentals.  royalty free music by teknoaxe -  song - fast travel to nowhere permission form and terms of use -  teknoaxe youtube channel -  mattawa river (river) canoe (ship type) river (geographical feature category) ontario (canadian province) tourist destination canada (country) tourism (interest) water view awesome view canoe trip fun northern ontario (location) cabin cabin rental summer summer vacation holiday camping
camping, canoeing in crotch lake, ontario camping, canoeing in crotch lake, ontario: no electricity, no shower, no washroom, no cell phone connectivity....it's adventure, excitement and fun.... camping (literature subject) canoe camping fun holiday canoe (ship type) family weekend crotch lake ottawa
pitt lake cabin for sale christian cove point lot 1 find out more   this custom build cabin is located on 2.64 acres, with stunning 180-degree waterfront views of little goose island and the upper pitt lake region. this cabin has four bedrooms, one bathroom, and a large office overlooking the lake. the large wrap around covered deck is ideal for entertaining year round, and the firepit is located on the tip of the property with amazing views of the lake.  the entire cabin is off-grid and powered by 20 solar panels, and a backup generator. this means you will never have to worry about power going out during a storm, and you are helping the environment by using a green renewable source.  this property comes with an additional bunky/guest house that is fully set up with kitchenette, and guest bed that is perfect for giving your guests some added privacy.it is located beside the main cabin and has its own little balcony as well as french doors that face the lake.  the cabin has a large private dock capable of mooring several boats, as well as a well-maintained road leading down to the dock. this road is perfect for using a quad to carry supplies to the cabin and makes for easy walking when guest come over for a visit.  pitt lake is a hidden gem located only 45mins from downtown vancouver, and is accessible only by boat, or air (helicopter, or float plane). the lake is tidal ( one of the world's largest), which gives it a unique feel when the tide goes out. fresh water is fed into pitt lake from the upper pitt river, and the southern end from the pitt river which flows into the fraser river. buy camping lake (geographical feature category) pitt lake (lake) holiday cottage (accommodation type) summer family
after blizzard comparison on jan.27 2008 & here, feb 7 2008 cold day comparison. central alberta canada  we had a blizzard with -43 c actual temperature & -80 windchill available in my urban survival & gardening diary playlist as well.  this is the same house as at the end of prior.  note the blasted appearace of snow here. winter blizzard snow jan here dec feb january february ice cold storm day patrol car crash survive survival urban survival pepare preparation camping holiday fun
2016 maritime vintage fiberglass trailer meet the 11th annual vintage fiberglass trailer meet was held july 15th to 17th at the fox mountain camping park aylesford, nova scotia.. lots of vintage fiberglass travel trailers and a few newer ones, as well as some non-fiberglass vintage units. the 2017 rally will be held in abram-village prince edward island fiberglass fiberglass trailer nova scotia fox mountain boler trillium cadet bigfoot tripple e scamp casita surfside camper tralier vintage fiberglass rv camping travel trailer holiday
moyie lake summer fun 2013 vacation at the cabin in moyie lake, bc (canada) with the bererton family. summer fun with family friends, old and new alike. i memory of their son isaiah who passed away a year ago...   music: someday by sugar ray wake me up when september comes by green day  no copyright infringement is intended. moyie 2013 bererton moyie lake family vacation lake cabin isabella pedersen izzysings cottage (accommodation type) summer camping holiday fun travel sea-doo tubing isabella weekend family outdoor survival izzy moyie vacation 2013 summer vacation teens teen-agers friendship campfire bonfire canoe bc lake tent outdoors
camping cedar point new york usa #3 camping cedar point state park - clayton ny 13624 - new york usa - thousand islands region - lake ontario - country united states of america - 4 juillet 2012 - 4 july 2012 - video marie-panic  + infos (  )  + infos (  )  + infos (  ) camping cedar point state park clayton ny 13624 new york usa thousand islands region lake ontario country united states of america juillet 2012 july vacances tourisme holiday tourism video marie-panic marie panic mariepanic mariepanic2
fun on the water in temagami! temagami has some of the most beautiful lakes in ontario, and there is no limit to the fun you can have on the water!  isn't it time you had a little fun on temagami waters?  learn more about temagami at   video produced by mdmb studios  cut and edited by mitchell beaton fun water boating kayaking family vacation family vacation camping holiday summer outdoor travel cabin tent swimming temagami lake temagami fun on the water watersports tourism adventure boat travel dippy boat temagami adventure nature tourism boats northern ontario
hiking trip to landslide lake these are the highlights of my hiking trip with my uncle to land slide lake. the hike took 6 hours to complete.we stayed overnight and caught cutthroat trout. this is definitely something you should put on your bucket list. lake (geographical feature category) hiking (sport) landslide nordegg (city/town/village) blister cutthroat trout (organism classification) camping fun weekend holiday summer outdoor travel tent survival wilderness (quotation subject) outdoors
moyie lake vacation 2013 a short slideshow or our summer vacation at moyie lake, bc. dedicated to the bererton family in memory of their son and brother, isaiah.   music: "someday" by sugar ray  "wake me up" by  green day no copyright infringement intended. moyie lake (lake) izzysings isabella pedersen moyie summer summer vacation cabin summer 2013 dream team 2013 berertons sea-doo teens teen-agers holiday camping family weekend fun travel outdoor wilderness (quotation subject) tent outdoors holiday (composition) vacation (quotation subject) cottage (accommodation type) bc road trip love someday sugar ray green day tourism (industry) road hugs family vacation isaiah bererton chinese lanterns lake water fun
cow lake 2015 went camping with some friends up near rocky mountain house, alberta. had fun in the sun playing all kinds of summer games. camping cow lake alberta (canadian province) canada (country) beersbie drinks friends summer fun holiday weekend outdoor travel tent camp outdoors campsite (accommodation type) vacation dogs jenga (game) games
lake okanagan stable trail ride above okanagan lake riding above lake okanagan in british columbia with lake okanagan stable. lake okanagan stables ride and swim mule travel vacation adventure sony hdr ax2000 1080i hdv horses training arena morgan thoroughbred arabian quarter horse advanced custom novice beginner ride grooming saddling horsemanship skills trail riding program lessons cattle drive mini trail last minute cheap family excursion adventures vacations trips holiday all inclusive resort packages getaways ideas hotels hellobc jcvdude yolo events tourism travel nature videographer kelowna bc
camping in jasper national park my girlfriend nadia and i went camping for a night over the victoria day long weekend, which is in may here in canada, at pocahontas campground in jasper national park in alberta, canada. it was very cold the night we stayed, around 0* c (32* f). as we were breaking camp, it started to snow.  only in the mountains in may.  lol  note: please do not use this video as a reason to not come visit and travel around jasper national park. it doesn't always snow, just sometimes, in may.  hahaha   go canada!!!! :-) camping tent trees campground picnic table cold wet snow girlfriend park campsite (accommodation type) jasper national park (protected site) national park (iucn category) mountain fun spring may holiday weekend alberta canada
drone flight over lake simcoe lake simcoe ice  from a drone feb 23, 2016 temperature -7 deg c.  a beautiful day to see the ice before the melting. the yoyo temperatures have confused the ice. brechin lagoon city doug clapp drone old man trent canal ice yuneec q500 lake simcoe
romantic getaway cabin rental #6 - haliburton ontario     rental cabin #6 suitable for a couple seeking a romantic getaway in the country.    the loralea country inn resort is your cottage resort on halls lake in the haliburton highlands of ontario canada.    two and four bedroom cottages for rent to families looking for summer vacations and studio cabins for couples seeking a weekend getaway in the country.    all cottages and cabins are on 4 acres, landscaped with huge pine trees, maple, birch and oak trees with a private beach area on halls lake.    your relaxing cottage getaway location for weekend getaways, family vacations, family reunions, group gatherings, summer vacation planning and cottage rentals in ontario.     cottage cottages rental rentals haliburton ontario canada vacation vacations holiday holidays cabin cabins rent resort resorts travel summer winter weekend getaways family couples cottage rentals cottage rentals ontario cottage rentals haliburton cottages for rent camping fun outdoors outdoor
vacances essipit: pourvoirie du club claire et chalet (n 5 / mishtik) le chalet mishtik de la pourvoirie club claire est situ  41 km des escoumins et peut accueillir 6 personnes. la pourvoirie du club claire est un site paisible et enchanteur  dcouvrir. son vaste territoire vallonn de 81,5 km2 au cur du territoire innu compte une vingtaine de lacs naturels pour la pche  la truite mouchete indigne. la pche ainsi que la chasse au petit et gros gibier en randonne pdestre y sont particulirement agrables en raison du terrain montagneux. en pleine nature et  proximit des services, le site procure confort et scurit aux usagers. chaque groupe de pcheurs profite de lexclusivit dun plan deau pour une activit de pche mmorable. profitez du confort de nos chalets qui possdent une vranda avec moustiquaire. chalet  louer essipit quebec (location) location chalets location chalets pourvoirie chalets chalet qubec canada cottage outfitter vacances holiday lacs lakes fush pche
magnificent river rats festival in athabasca, alberta at an easy 90 minute drive north of edmonton, come and enjoy canadian and local talent on our unique riverfront stage over the canada day weekend.  for more information on this year's festival, visit  or  festival (type of conference) tourist destination tourism (interest) music canada day (holiday) alberta (canadian province) athabasca river (river) athabasca (city/town/village) northern alberta (location) live holiday vacation summer fun weekend family performance concert outdoor camping live music travel
ever see a horse swim from underwater? - lake okanagan stables ride n swim [hd] cindy and i returned to lake okanagan stable to film the horse in the water swimming to get a real perspective of what a ride and swim is like.     filmed at lake okanagan stable, british columbia with sony hdr xr550 hd handycam camcorder with sony sportpack in the water and sony hdr ax2000 from the shore, edited with sony vegas pro 9.0 and on sony viao vpcf127fd laptop computer. sony hdr xr550 hd handycam camcorder with sportpack ax2000 vegas pro 9.0 viao vpcf127fd laptop computer lake okanagan stables ride swim mule travel vacation adventure 1080i advanced custom novice beginner ride grooming horsemanship skills trail riding resort program lessons last minute cheap family excursion vacations trip holiday all inclusive package getaways ideas hotels hellobc jcvdude yolo events tourism travel wildlife nature videographer kelowna bc
part 3 allen farrell, china cloud, bertie and chinese junk rig at sea part three of sailing to bc to find allen farrell. music and commentary by dan rubin and others. vintage vhs footage of "lasqueti sail in" courtesy dan rubin.  thanks to allen farrell for his always generous teachings. sailing wilderness allen farrell chinese junk hiking swimming birdwatching holiday ocean camping travel log travelogue cruise china taiwan tradition art museum culture nature
kite boarding okanagan lake getting air on okanagan lake while kite boarding. kiteboarding video gear best riding spots kiteboarders kite surfing products airush cabrinha f-one liquid force naish rrd slingshot kitesurfing water sports surfboard wakeboard freestyle wake-style kitesurfer footstraps bindings inflatable kites waveriding jumping cruising safety release system jcvdude production bc holiday biking destination canada vacation packages kelowna getaways canadian resorts westjet thompson okanagan tourism hellobc flights to
hummingbirds 2010 [hd] hummingbirds ~ the worlds smallest birds are back in canada, christina lake. 'fairy tail' by aleksrutko   worlds smallest birds attract ruby throated hummingbird videos food attracting rufus hummingbirds nectar photographs feeders nature videography howto birding tours optics binoculars birdwatching holiday trip habits birds mating breeding nesting song canada christina lake kootenays nikon ornithology last minute bird watching vacation packages getaways sony 1080i handycam hd birding clubs watching.com photography jcv yolo jcvdude travel wildlife videographer kelowna bc
boating overnight at bobcaygeon a few days into our 2014 summer boat cruise, we made a stop at the lock in bobcaygeon, ontario. although we had been through this way many times in the past, this would be our first time spending a night on the lock tie up wall.   as this video will attest, it is simply one more gem along ontario, canada's 240 mile long trent severn waterway. located within the city of kawartha lakes, the term 'kawartha' translates to 'land of shining waters' and aptly so.   much of this video was captured using my sony hxr nx30u video camera, and i continue to be impressed with the fantastic video quality it produces!  location of this video: 44.53724 -78.54776  musical attribution: youtube creator music library.  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to check our site -  - for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  future dvd productions will include travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information.  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun bobcaygeon (city/town/village) travel summer vacation holiday cruise kawartha lakes (city/town/village) sony nx30u
family canoe trip in quetico provincial park this is a short video of our family canoe trip into quetico lake. canoe trip canoe camping quetico provincial park (protected site) summer camping holiday family (film genre) pictograph pictographs canoe ontario tent tarp downs syndrome
red deer river, near dinosaur provincial park alberta canada emerson campground near brooks alberta canada.  bring lots of water!  there are some rattle snakes there but birds & cottonwoods are awesome. red deer river alberta canada dinosaur provincial park water nature camping travel adventure fun automobile trees holiday weekend summer vacation family river cottonwoods red deer river emerson bridge campground tent dinosaur age survival
gopro:epic weekend cliff jumping kalamalka lake, bc music by con bro chill - we should hang out itunes:  youtube:   let me know in the comments if anyone has events or trip, i'd gladly document it! and also let me know if i should post a notice next time we plan an awesome weekend!   my snapchat: nosann      instagram:   inspired by devinsupertramp. channel:   and romanatwood's vlogs channel:   and ben brown's vlogs channel:  and louis' vlogs channel:   recorded with hero3 mount: jaw and what they call selfie stick gopro epic weekend vlog roman soilder travel lake life lake kelowna okanagan explore okanagan ubc life green blue water summer jump jumping kalamalka lake (lake) british columbia (canadian province) video blog (website category) cliff (geographical feature category) canada (country) tourist destination tourism (interest) camera holiday fail
destination quebec - outdoor activities in quebec   an overview of the various outdoor activities in quebec. bon voyage has been arranging holidays to montreal and quebec since 1979. we would love to discuss your plans for holidays to montreal and quebec, so call us on 0800 316 3012 or visit us  quebec canada holiday travel vacation tourism bon voyage activities
island lake lodge - summer 2013 though best known for catskiing in the winter, island lake lodge has some great summer activities. hiking fernie bc accommodation biking holiday summer travel weekend bike mountain island lake lodge wedding sup dining adventure nature destination stay spa
hot hot hot summer - scorching heatwave and wildfires continue in bc. fire fighters from across canada, the usa,australia and new zealand have come to give assistance. thank you from us.  it's sad to see our beautiful province burning up, these fires leave a legacy that extends beyond the immediate destruction.  anyone living here can see that the nature of our forests are changing as the pine beetle and wildfires do their damage.   where once mighty pine and fir trees grew, now in their place poplars and willows are growing.   what will it all look like in 20 - 50 years. no more sawmills as the pine and fir get on endangered list.  23 + million views today. okanagan lake valley beaches water sports vernon penticton osoyoos kalamalka lake sailing skiing artists wineries hot summer okanaga polo club pony kelowna golf the yt:crop=16:9 bc jcvdude localsknow ctc canadiantourism videos production new media artist news hotels thompson joe vass holiday packages tourismbc hellobc
hinton - seek better days hinton alberta canada: gateway to the rockies.   travel alberta town hinton adventure outdoors recreation paradise tourism live work home employment opportunities opportunity nature environment resources alberta (canadian province) canada travel camping life family travel channel (tv network) tourist destination culture holiday
the ness creek site and the nesslin lake campground check out some of the great festivals, projects and program ms we have happening at the ness creek festival site and nesslin lake campground. we're open to host new projects if you're looking for a beautiful natural setting in the boreal forest in a well established site or we'd just love to have you come and join us at our current festivals and projects. or just come on out and come stay in our yurts or camping area down at nesslin lake and enjoy one of the most beautiful lakes in the world. we are now open year round and want you to come and enjoy what we've got here. ness creek nesslin lake saskatoon saskatchewan deep dark woods sawitsky family gord olson canada nature escapes coop non-profit environmental ecology forest garden music festival arts green permaculture northern prince albert national park farm films clark ferguson karrnnel vacation holiday lights bluegrass and old tyme emma international collaboration canoeing kayaking hiking retreat reunion camping family fun nesscore nesscore.com  gordon olson tourism
bay of fundy, maitland, nova scotia - canada hd travel channel the bay of fundy located between nova scotia and new brunswick is known for the world's highest tides. low tide and high tide in the bay of fundy can be watched particularly well at maitland nearby truro. the highest tides of all times with 21 m was measured here. depending on lunar phases and the seasons the tides during our visit was at about 14 m. at low tide, the landscape is wide and open; high tide pushes the sea further into the bay. the changes of the landscape in a very short time is really amazing and this happens twice a day.  in the video we show several times the same stretch of coastline twice; once at low tide and once at high tide.  at high tides it is popular to do rafting in the onrushing wave. the sunset's spectacular play of colours can be best viewed from the water.  we find a cozy accommodation in captain douglas house. the friendly family house is a heritage designated property built in 1860, by a sea captain named captain william douglas. for the first time we make the acquaintance  to the canadian mosquito in maitland which has spared us on our trip through eastern canada till now. ..... please read more:    die bay of fundy, eine bucht zwischen nova scotia und new brunswick,  ist bekannt fr den hchsten tidenhub der welt.  bei maitland, in der nhe von truro, lassen sich ebbe und flut der bay of fundy besonders gut beobachten. hier wurde der hchste tidenhub aller zeiten mit 21 m gemessen. abhngig von mondphasen und der jahreszeit, ist der tidenhub whrend unserem besuch bei etwa 14 m. bei niedrigwasser wirkt die landschaft weit und offen, bei flut drngt das meer immer weiter in die buchten. es ist erstaunlich, welchen vernderungen die landschaft in krzester zeit unterworfen ist und dies zweimal tglich. im video zeigen wir fters die gleichen kstenabschnitte zweimal hintereinander; einmal bei ebbe und einmal bei flut. bei flut ist es beliebt, in der hereinbrechenden welle, rafting zu betreiben. gleichzeitig lsst sich vom wasser aus am besten das farbenspiel der untergehenden sonne beobachten. wir finden eine gemtliche unterkunft im captain douglas house. die freundliche familienpension ist ein altes kapitnshaus, erbaut 1860 vom kapitn zur see william douglas. in maitland machen wir zum ersten mal die bekanntschaft der kanadischen stechmcke, die uns auf unserer reise durch den osten kanadas bisher berall verschont hatte. ...... weitere infos im reisevideoblog:  bay of fundy maitland nova scotia canada travel channel kanada truro tide lunar ohases rafting captain douglas house mosquito ebbe flut new brunswick tidenhub kaptnshaus stechmcke travel tourism reise video reisevideo myvideomedia urlaub holiday natur nature
one night at ricardo's we met sue and ricardo, owner operators of ricardos mediterranean kitchen in winfield bc on wednesday. we returned thursday night and you could have knocked me over with a feather. this place was packed. we talked with several customers and nothing but praise was said. quality, value, service, atmosphere and a friendly environment does work. what a novel approach.  one last thing, homeowners on shows like 'house hunters' are always looking for homes with large modern kitchens, with an island if possible. they need space for cooking. the kitchen where ricardo performs his magic is perhaps 4 feet wide by 12 feet long, so it goes to show that it's not the size of your kitchen that counts, it's the love of cooking.   gordon ramsey, the challenge, should you except, is spend a busy night in this kitchen preparing several hundred dishes, then you will know a real hell kitchen.  find ricardo's mediterranean kitchen:  ricardo's mediterranean kitchen award winning okanagan restaurant best independent restaurant fine dining commonwealth road duck lake italian mediterranean cuisine live music jazz night on the terrace fundraisers cops for kids charities charitable events community yt:crop=16:9 bc jcvdude localsknow ctc canadiantourism videos production kelowna new media artist news wine hotels thompson joe vass holiday packages tourismbc hellobc rearearth jazz and blues festival sponsors
lac la biche the lac la biche region has a long and colourful history. famous explorer and mapmaker david thompson travelled through the region in 1798 on his way to find the elusive northwest passage. the hudsons bay company established a fort at lac la biche in 1799 and oblate catholic priests officially established lac la biche mission in 1853. the mission is now a popular national historic site, located 16 kilometres northwest of present day lac la biche.  the county is famous for its many lakes, most notably lac la biche lake, which is a french translation of a cree phrase, meaning "lake of the elk". in addition to lakes, rivers and streams, the county's topography features forests, farmland, muskeg, and dozens of recreation areas and trails.  lac la biche is the second-oldest established community in alberta and has one of the oldest metis settlements in alberta, along with lac st. anne, st. albert and st. paul de metis. the region was an ideal place to develop trade and communities because of its strategic access to the churchill and mackenzie drainage basins, abundant wildlife, fertile soil, pristine environment and good transportation routes - first by water and then by rail and roads.  home to aboriginal people for thousands of years, settlement in lac la biche brought together a multicultural mixture of ethnic groups, anchored by cree, english, french, italian, lebanese, metis, russian and ukrainian populations. while much of lac la biche county has french canadian origins, the hamlets of venice and hylo were established as italian agricultural colonies. the region has one of the largest muslim populations per capita in canada. when the  al kareem mosque was constructed in 1958, it was only the second one in canada.  lac la biche county was created in 2007 when the town of lac la biche and lakeland county amalgamated. it is one of the largest municipal districts in alberta and is adjacent to four aboriginal communities: beaver lake cree nation, heart lake first nation, kikino metis settlement and buffalo lake metis settlement. in addition, it has two urban centres - lac la biche and plamondon  and many smaller hamlets and rural subdivisions.  the region boasts thriving agriculture, oil and gas, forestry, tourism and service industries, and has a wide variety of amenities and services for all age groups. the area is rich in natural resources, particularly oil and gas in the northeast portion of the county, which is a major economic driver. the energy industry is leading the way in economic growth and fuelling a bright, prosperous future for the county and its residents. canada alberta teravel holiday fun camping
chilcotin river big john canyon river rafting river rafting the chilcotin river in british columbia canada. the section is called big john canyon. with andrew maillot.      chilko chilcotin river rafting bc british columbia andrew maillot guide whitewater white water wilderness adventure family holiday williams lake whistler camping canada summer
land of the ogopogo - kelowna kelowna in the central british columbia and the okanagan valley are home to the legendary ogopogo, the monster said to inhabit okanagan lake. ogopogo polo kite boarding british columbia holiday destination canada vacation packages kelowna getaways boat rental tours golfing canadian resorts westjet jcvdude thompson okanagan tourism bc hellobc delta grand hotel casino and gambling manteo resort playa de soleil mountain biking ubc wineries big white sunwing sailing resorts lodges lakefront ogopogo bird watching ornithology hostel casinos water skiing eldorado marinas marathons flights to
peter explains swimming with horses - lake okanagan stable swimming with horses and how to tie a knot used on pack animals. peter has been operating the lake okanagan stable for more than 20 years and has a wealth of knowledge.  find them:  lake okanagan stables ride and swim horses training arena morgan thoroughbred arabian mule quarter horse advanced custom novice beginner ride grooming saddling horsemanship skills trail riding program lessons cattle drive mini trail last minute cheap family excursion adventures vacations trips holiday all inclusive resort travel packages getaways ideas hotels hellbc jcvdude yolo sony hd events tourism travel nature videographer kelowna bc
nl winter storm-jan 8, 2014. nl classifieds headquarters. steady snowfall here at the nl classifieds headquarters on topsail rd. mt.pearl/st.john's, nl. our first real dose of the white wonders that come with nlwx for 2015! via youtube capture youtube capture newfoundland nlwx st. john's mt. pearl snow newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) winter storm (literature subject) winter cold
rv rentals kamloops british columbia littlervrentals.com   welcome   we are a licensed, family run rv rental company located in kamloops, british columbia, canada. we rent rv camper trailers for your camping adventures, wedding accommodations, extra accommodations for guests or just exploring this great country! we serve customers from vancouver b.c, to toronto, ontario and as far away as the united kingdom & germany!    we currently have four rv travel trailers and we offer a u haul option depending on your tow vehicle & experience towing. or you can sit back relax and let us deliver, setup and take down your rv travel trailer in the kamloops region & shuswap area.   we also rent two enclosed cargo utility trailers for all your moving, dump runs, atv & motorcycle towing/hauling etc. needs for use in kamloops and british columbia.   book now! at  facebook  youtube   rv rental, rv rentals,littlervrentals.com, travel trailer rentals,trailer rentals,camping,rving,rv,rentals,rv rentals kamloops, kamloops b.c, littlervrentals  rv rv rentals rv rentals kamloops camper rentals camping rving travel trailer rentals trailer rentals bigfoot fun finder boler holiday fun outdoors accommodation kamloops kamloops b.c british columbia kamloops rentals rental rentals renting rent campsite campsites tent tent trailer thompson nicola valley b.c interior motorhome rental  littlervrentals.com small rv rental
canoe camping trip - missinaibi river  - ontario, canada - 1 of 2 xander budnick, maxim budnick, justin partridge, and justin doktor  2008 canoe trip down the missinaibi river to james bay in northern ontario, canada... sorry about the quality. the entire video was filmed on my digital camera with a broken screen also the music was changed from the original coldplay due to copyright missinaibi canoeing camping portaging canada toronto holiday river water fun summer holiday (play) ontario weekend survival park survival skills (tv genre)
chilcotin holidays. these are the views and the experience's that can only be found at the mountains and lakes of beautiful british columbia. chilcotin holidays is the only place on earth that has 25 dedicated camps. experienced guides, magnificent well mannered horses and a positive environment that will make your time here as special as it should be. visit us at  ranch horses hiking adventure coastal holiday chilcotin alpine flower cowboy mountain pack fishing.
grundy lake provincial park we stayed here for a couple of days before our 1st trip down the french river. we were going do backcountry here but the sites were either swampy, too close, or overgrown. we did how ever get to practice some map reading and portaging. we paddled grundy, gut, and gird lakes on the monday. with 2 portages totalling 125 m  and the cliffs on gut lake ( the kids are cliff jumping ) it was an enjoyable 30 degree day. the scenery was beautiful too many people for our liking although ten years ago when our 3 boys were younger we could have easily spent a week here without ever being bored. tuesday we drove to the lake pakeshkag access  paddled through from here to a 10 m portage into  sicle lake then a short paddle came to a 160 m portage over railway ( don't stick around on the tracks blind corners and fast trains) down into rapidfoot lake the falls here are really pretty and being the only ones to carry our canoe over the hill after leaving the falls area we had rapidfoot lake to ourselves we paddled a short distance 2 km up pakeshkag river water was shallow and many beaver dams we returned to rapidfoot  and explored the island. grundy lake provincial park is a great spot for an introduction to backcountry canoeing well still being close to help if you were to need it or forget something. grundy does have one bad point that is the close proximity to both highway 69 ( don't stay on clear lake it is directly across from 69 ) and two busy railway lines on its south and east boarders ( the backcountry campsite on rapidfoot lake is 500 m from busy railway with long freights all hours ) grundy lake ontario provincial park canoeing camping canada wilderness nature outdoors hiking weekend holiday
rental houseboats at burleigh falls lock a look at some of the ever present rental houseboats along the trent severn waterway.  musical attribution: 'ride of the valkyries (by wagner)',  youtube audio library  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' great loop (location) vacation sea ray (brand) holiday aglca boating tsw playlist trent severn waterway lake summer boat (taxonomy subject) tsw cruising houseboat
albacore sailing on lake huron, port sanilac, michigan 1987 albacore 15ft (i actually think it's more of a 1967, with a titling mistake somewhere along the line)  not a lot of wind, but still a good time!  notice... no motor.  :o)  port sanilac, michigan albacore saiboat lake huron port sanilac sailing (sport) boats sailing sail michigan day sailor
kayak tripping- dog lake adventure project wetpaddles -  may long weekend 2011.  i was packed up for 2-4 nights in my kayak.  went to a usual camping spot, on an island.  got to try out my new mec super tarp and it came in real handy!  you can see i pack very heavy for what i'm doing but, i like to have lots of gear to fool around with when i'm alone..  i'm not content just sitting around reading so packing and fiddling with gear is why i go! hammock wetpaddles current designs isle kevlar boat composite kayak tripping paddling greenland paddle thunder bay dog lake camping water nature outdoors boats holiday tarp clark eno northern ontario north wilderness weekend fun summer mec supertarp scout ridgeline suspension survival outdoor sports park
kesagami river solo with jim baird ep. 1: packing for the expedition preparing for a solo white-water canoe expedition in northern ontario's wilderness can be stressful but rewarding.  there is a lot that needs to be planned and prepared before hand. watch as i go through the gear i brought with me on the kesagami river.  i share some key gear tips on stuff you may want to bring along on your next trip.  in this video you'll also catch a glimpse or two of what is to come later on in the series.  new episodes will be posted every thursday.  be sure to subscribe so you don't miss an episode!  please subscribe to my channel:   website:   facebook:   instagram:   twitter:  jim baird james bay (body of water) adventure (tv genre) camping canoeing (sport) ontario (canadian province) fishing industry (industry) kesagami lake (lake) kesagami river river (geographical feature category) rafting (sport) ontario parks (governing body of protected sites) summer off road 4x4 four-wheel drive (mass transportation system) canada (country) mud road rover ford diesel fuel (fuel) jim baird adventurer holiday fun canoe expedition
french river expedition   the frontier bushcraft french river expedition combines a superb journey on a canadian heritage river with comprehensive instruction in skills for travelling, camping and staying safe in this environment.  the trip starts with a orientation and training phase spanning a couple of days.  we then set out on an 8-day journey which includes spending two days with the dokis first nation, learning more about the land and their traditional view of it.  the french river is one of the most important waterways in the history of canada. a travel route of the ojibwa serving as a conduit for explorers and missionaries, the french river later became a key link in the fur trade.   the area provides great opportunities for employing canoe and bushcraft skills. indeed, in this environment, they fit together perfectly.  the french river expedition is frontier bushcraft's foundation-level canadian canoeing trip. the trip is led by canoe legend ray goodwin and renowned bushcraft instructor paul kirtley.  as well as giving you all the skills you need to make your own journeys here, the trip provides a firm basis for our more demanding and remote canoe expeditions such as on the bloodvein river.   on the frontier bushcraft french river expedition you can expand, hone and integrate your bushcraft and expedition canoeing skills with solid experience and expert guidance.  for more information, check out the comprehensive information at:   canoe canoeing paddling canada french river bushcraft expedition first nation ray goodwin paul kirtley white water camping outdoors adventure portage voyageur flat water moving water camp craft canadian heritage river canoe rescues lining tracking upriver downriver summer holiday river fun
brp ultimate playground - quebec city canada - sea-doo can-am roadster  brp gave the powersports fans the ultimate experience at the brp ultimate playground event in quebec city, phoenix, california, montreal, and detroit. fans were able to test ride sea-doo watercraft and boats, can-am roadster and off road vehicles. take a look. sea-doo wake touch screen spyder brp ultimate playground test ride review demo can am try 210 sp 230 challenger boat pwc watercraft jet ski gtx rxt quebec st. lawrence river best fast waves lake canada powersports dealer adrenaline buy for sale experience downtown bateau moto marine
georgian bay cruising potato island channel.wmv georgian bay crusing potatato island channel in severn soundnin ontario. another video by janda yacht sales  brokering yachts so that you can experience severn sound, the north channel, 30,000 island, georgian bay, minnicognashene, o'donnel point ... the finest freshwater cruising in the world.  subscribe to our youtube channel jimjandayachts to keep informed of our latest videos, visit  to view our yachts for sale or call 705-456-5000 or mail jim@jandayachts.com for more information on our yacht listings or to get info on listing your boat ... we have excellent rates. georgian bay potato island channel jimjandayachts janda yacht sales  jandayachts.com jandayachts yacht for sale boat vessel freshwater cruising
cabin 'h' moonshine bay pitt lake for sale this one sold, check out this  new listing:  one of the most beautiful waterfront leasehold cabins on pitt lake and it is for sale!  featuring hydro-electric power, propane stove and fridge clothes washer and dryer and on-demand hotwater.  perched atop an ancient and massive glacial boulder this cabin boasts an amazing view and some of the best sun exposure found on the west side of the lake.  laminate floor and modern kitchen make this get away retreat a modern pleasure.  call scott leaf, keller williams elite realty, 604-839-8239 pitt lake waterfront cabin leasehold for sale scott leaf keller williams elite
sailing notre dame bay 2008 sailing notre dame bay, newfoundland and labrador, canada. sail sailing notre dame bay newfoundland labrador canada iceberg whale north atlantic tourism exploits island
"virginia falls - south into alberta" jms79's photos around high level, canada preview of jms79's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  simpson air to virginia falls vargina falls off roading high level alberta jms79 facebook how high is virginia falls virginia canada pictures high level alberta snow virginia falls mackenzie highway weather in fort simpson ram falls snow virginia gravel highway ram river falls alberta virginia falls south into high level canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
"lake onaping, ontario, canada" chrisl34's photos around lake onaping, canada (onaping ontario) preview of chrisl34's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  onaping lake lake onaping onaping lake map lake onaping ontario onaping ontario onaping lake ontario onaping lake lodge fishing onaping lake onaping ontario canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
lake louise banff nationalpark, canada alberta  impressions the lake louise is a lake in the canadian province of alberta in banff national park. there is a place for recreational activities such as hiking, climbing, skiing and canoeing.   wikipedia:     visit my channel to see more of the most beautiful places on our planet.  donation:   review, comment and share with your friends!   affiliate link lake louise lake louise canada kanada roadtrip road trip trip alberta natinalpark national explore impressions tour ca banff banff nationalpark travel mybanff np moraine lake moraine ski skiresort attractions activitis top best cool hollidays eindrcke erkunden ka urlaub summer      video photo  #canadian  voyage vido explorer luise lac vacances parc national parc recours jasper amazing places planet fairmont exploring
great slave lake nautical chart rebekah is back in canada, dad's still in saint louis. what about the father daughter kayak trip? great slave lake nautical chart father daughter kayak trip
ice walk on the ice (8-12') near baker lake with bombardier 1950's snow coach. ice baker lake bombardier 1950's snow coach ice walk nunavut
ice burnouts, high g-forces! saskatchewan -40 winter quad donuts on a perfect slough winter quad donuts ice ice offroading 4x4ing burnouts polaris saskatchewan
why i like to paddle the agawa river a canoe trip on the agawa river in ontario.  the agawa river is a whitewater river that drains into the eastern shoreline of lake superior canoeing river whitewater
bwcc bow river banff national park canoeing hector lake bow river tina canoeing into hector lake - upper bow river bwcc  bow waters canoe club canoeing, banff national park alberta canada  august 13 2011 bow waters canoe club canoeing banff national park alberta canada river water bwcc
bwca06 a video of an 8-day journey by canoe through the boundary waters canoe area wilderness of northern minnesota and sections of ontario, canada. boundary waters bwcaw canoeing hurley's journal paddle & portage hurley's pack & paddle letters from the woods michael c. hurley mike hurley kip hurley curtain falls northern pike moose
seal pups on the sunshine coast, bc a short video to highlight some of the beautiful surprises while paddling the sunshine coast. more photos on my website at  british columbia (canadian province) pacific ocean (body of water) seals harbour seals harbour seal pups seal pups starfish purple starfish ocean canoe canoeing dogs deb ozarko oystercatcher (organism classification) seaweed (food) sunshine coast bc seal pup nursery
temagami fire tower with back roads bill you have just climbed the temagami fire tower and hiked the white bear forest. what a view, one of the many you will discover in northeastern ontario. and those white pine trees, majestic. after all it is grey owl country! there are many forest access or logging roads in northern ontario. one road in particular reflects a long standing heritage. it is a few kilometres north of the town on highway 11 and worth the detour.  read the full article here -  temagami canoeing fire tire scenic lookout northeastern ontario backroads bill bill steer canadian ecology centre lake temagami (lake)
feaston at ridge berry farm niagara feast on - a certified taste of ontario is for locals and travellers alike that seek out authentic "tastes of place" when travelling.   in a wonderful veranda setting, guests can enjoy the tastes of pelham and niagara. their philosophy is one of "farm to table". the table d'hote high tea menu is seasonally crafted to highlight the delicacies of our farm and those of local growers.    if you love wine, food and travel craft your own ontario culinary adventure by visiting    share this video   visit ridge berry farm   music by audionautix.com "acoustic solo" by jason shaw travel in ontario travel ontario places to visit in ontario things to do in ontario ontario tourism ontario map canadian holidays weekend getaways cooking foodie fod tour culinary ontario travel ontario niagara ridgeberry farm feast on trip travel niagara ontario food canada (country) feaston at ridge berry farm niagara feaston #feaston ridgeberry
$297,500 - 9407 - 87th street fort st. john, bc home pros virtual tour attractive 3 level split in parkview heights close to the high school and robert ogilvie elementary school a on quiet paved street. attached double garage & huge paved drive. features 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, wood fireplace, formal dining room, huge living room plus oversize family room with mini bar! loads of potential but has been rented for several years & needs some updating & puttering. $297,500 call us today for more information or to view 785-6601! fort st. john home for sale real estate listing
40 mile park listing - calgary lake homes.ca water front cottage for sale in southern alberta. 3 hours south-east of calgary at 40 mile park. alberta's best kept secret! calgary real estate cottage country 40 mile park water front lake homes for sale
thessalon on p0r canada **   magical lake front home on breathtaking big basswood lake approaching the property provides the sense that youre in a fairy tale meticulously maintained gardens surround the property just one hour from sault ste marie, this 2 acre lot has 370 frontage on one of the clearest lakes in ontario! from top to bottom, this home is filled with high quality craftsmanship main floor features open concept kitchen, living & dining room high end finishes throughout such as oak cabinetry, porcelain tile, hickory & cherry hardwood a beautiful corner split-face stone wood burning fireplace anchors the main floor living area second storey has a breathtaking master bedroom with double closets, 16 high ceilings and amazing views of the lake third storey walk up and detached 2 storey heated 26x36 garage/shop offers loads of storage & potential for extra living space call today for a viewing of this dream home!  virtual tour:    **refer to listing website for current information.  video uploaded on tue 28 may, 2013 real estate on p0r canada real estate home tour sale on p0r canada p0r 1
for sale resort | bonaparte lake, bc almost 5 acres on this huge pristine lake. over 320 ft of level waterfront with sandy beach.    real estate for sale resort waterfront beach log home cabins
"roaming alberta" clanmac's photos around random alberta pics..., canada (random alberta things) preview of clanmac's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  random alberta things roaming street pictures pictures of roaming fields roaming alberta random alberta road trip lethbridge university jackfish lake alberta university of lethbridge lethbridge prairie lake sunset roaming alberta fort chipewyan canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
road tripping to the northwest territories a little snippet of my recent trip to yellowknife, nwt with cheryl emery. canada road trip alberta
northern rockies , bc. alaska highway summit lake between the communities of nakusp and new denver 2012camping trip 485
alaska to texas, day 3 - animalia!!! - vlog 62, 06/21/2012 06/21/2012 teslin, yukon territory, canada to fort nelson, british columbia, canada  ---  middle of nowhere, canada... one po-dunk gas station was charging $1.929 a liter. what the frakkk????? averages in small towns were $1.50 or less... yeah we don't stop there. but ah! as soon as we cross the border into british columbia, the wildlife just suddenly appears!!! bison, everywhere! bears off the road a ways, no video of them unfortunately because i personally couldn't stop, but the real highlight was the sheep that almost tried to run out in front of me on a cliff edge... yeah no, do not ever do that again. i'd like to keep my dad's truck in one piece... ain't nothing like a roller coaster ride through canada!  don't forget, the trip log is always viewable at  !! check in if you like!  want to get to know me more outside of youtube? then feel free to visit my site!  ak49bwl vlog hd720 camping campground trailer anchorage alaska to longview texas ak tx houston journey travel drive truck driving long alcan highway road trip hidef 720p
1 conception bay highway bay roberts nl **   have you ever dreamt of owning your own business? radiance hair studio and spa at the estuary may be exactly what you need to make your dream a reality number 1 conception bay hwy at the estuary has a fabulous ocean view that makes it perfectly situated and accessible this package features everything required to continue a viable and on going business; a well-built and well-maintained building, plenty of parking space, all equipment including hair stylist stations, nail enhancement station, pedicure stations, treatment beds, tanning beds, computer system, receptionist desk and chair, electric fireplace, waiting room furniture, three bathrooms, two laundry rooms, staff kitchen area the list goes on and on the entire building is tastefully decorated throughout with an inviting and professional touch vendor will consider selling building and business separately dont delay! call for a viewing today!  virtual tour:    **refer to listing website for current information.  video uploaded on sun 29 aug, 2010 real estate bay roberts nl real estate home tour sale bay roberts nl a0a 1
pitt lake - a beautiful day a beautiful day for a short trip through the cranberry and blueberry fields of pitt polder to pitt lake.  maple ridge & tri cities realtor scott leaf destinates at grants narrows regional park then takes a short boat ride across to widgeon creek to check out 2.6 acres of waterfront for sale on the left bank at the confluence with pitt river.  listed for sale for $299,000 by keller williams elite realty. maple ridge realtor polder widgeon creek slough grants narrows realty coquitlam waterfront acreage for sale pitt lake scott leaf keller williams elite cabin maple ridge (city/town/village)
960 copper dr, britannia beach, bc stunning sw oceanview craftsmen masterpiece located in popular upper britannia beach. desirable floorplan w/3 bdrms on the main master bdrm leading out to large back deck w/ breathtaking sunset views. relax in your own marble spa inspired private 4pc master ensuite. enjoy the open concept kitchen featuring an oversized granite island great for entertaining & the gourmet chef. french doors open to a spacious back deck overlooking a protected greenbelt and howe sound. features include 4th bdrm & bath down, guest quarters with separate entry. 14ft over height ceilings in garage. large laundry room on main floor, direct garage access. photos, videos & floor plans at  call roland lewis for details; 604.828.8080  roland lewis prudential sussex realty  604.828.8080 real estate roland lewis video openhouse prudential sussex realty tour squamish sale britannia beach realtor sea to sky furry creek west vancouver
millarville acreage, calgary, , alberta - mvl virtual tour view virtual tour at   address: millarville acreage, calgary,  alberta    presented by  re/max southern realty  info@arnettrealestate.com  403-652-5555    terry and elaine arnett  realtors  info@arnettrealestate.com real estate home and land with pond creek sale presentation virtual tour myvisuallistings.com terry arnett 15 acres ready to build homesites vacant southwest of calgary alberta canada
mainship 34 trawler 1982.wmv mainship 34 trawler with single 165hp perkins turbo-charged diesel for sale by janda yacht sales ltd.  for viewing in georgian bay ontario. if you are contemplating doing the great loop then considerable must be given to this vessel. your trip would be made very economically and comfortably in her. mainship 34 trawler turbo diesel perkins great loop yachts for sale boats janda yacht sales ltd.  jandayachts.com geogian bay ontario estate ocean bahamas carribean florida texas mississippi tiver lakes west coast
"clive" robynanddavid's photos around clive, canada (clive alberta) preview of robynanddavid's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  clive alberta clive lacombe alberta canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
calgary to vancouver island in winter - time lapse - part 3 of 7 this is the third video of my trip out to vancouver island.  as i was leaving alberta we were experiencing chinook conditions.  since a chinook is producing by pacific air moving across the mountains, losing moisture and getting compressed warming the air up, i knew that i would experience a lot of snow as i drove west.  this was the day i hit the snow.  a snowfall warning was issued for this region, but fortunately there wasn't much traffic on the road except for a few semis.  unfortunately,  the mountains are not visble at all due to the snow.  for comparison, you might wish to check out my video "calgary to vancouver - time lapse - part 3 of 5" which shows the same stretch of highway.    this video begins in golden, bc which is where the kicking horse river flows into the columbia river.  from golden, the trans-canada highway follows the columbia river on its northbound course for a short while then climbs over the selkirk range of mountains via the rogers pass (1330m elevation) and reaches revelstoke, bc.    this range of mountains is known for getting a lot of snow in winter - around 10m per year.  the mountains in this area are also quite steep.  this combination leads frequent avalanches in the area.  both the highway and the railway line are protected by avalanche sheds in stategic spots.        this was filmed on feb. 4, 2011 at 20x real time.      the music used is every night, every day by traffic. calgary to vancouver island in winter snow avalanche time lapse timelapse time-lapse drive-lapse drivelapse glacier national park revelstoke golden british columbia bc rogers pass trans-canada highway road trip roadtrip high speed canada vancouver island (island)
trip across lake huron on my bayliner avanti 3250 in the spring of 2008 i decided to make a short documentary of me and my 32' bayliner crossing lake huron. the trip started in sarnia and ended in tobermory. i was single-handed and it was an adventurous thing to do. i made sure i always wore my pfd in case i fell overboard. the trip took 9 hours and $1500 in gas. it was well worth it for the bragging rights at my marina. boat trip lake huron great lakes bayliner avanti adventure
pelion mountain, tantalus range in squamish bc, ski mountaineering kevin and i had last minute plans to summit pelion before we both had to leave for the summer, i've read trip reports of people skiing in and summiting within the day, or even doing the whole tantalus traverse in a day! however, we wanted to take our time so we loaded up our enormous packs with plans to spend the night and summit early in the morning. looking back it would have been a lot easier to take super light day packs and just go for it in a day.  just under 200m from the summit we decided to turn around, the ski down was very icy but we still had a long enjoyable ski back to camp, and back to the river where we had to switch back to walking.     skiing back country backcountry mountaineering ski mountaineering tantalus squamish whistler camping adventure hiking trip trip report pelion pelion mountain ossa mountain sigurd creek sigurd peak back country skiing
saskatoon to chilliwack bc in under 10 minutes! ** smart people read the description! **    i drove back to chilliwack from saskatoon so i could finish moving some of my stuff. decided to take a time lapse video so you can see roughly how the drive from the prairies to nearly the south coast of bc is.     couple of notes regarding what you will see here:    - i left saskatoon at 4am local time. this was far too early. the first stop you see is me getting about 45 minutes of sleep in the parking lot of a kfc in kindersley.  - i didn't account for rain when i first mounted my camera. it does rain briefly, but eventually does go away.  - for some reason, i lost about 45 minutes of pictures, so you will see a sudden "edit" in the middle. don't think anything of significant value was really missed. :)  - the mount for my camera decided it didn't like where it was, so it fell down. i remounted it under my rear view mirror which seemed to work better - at least the wipers were now wiping the view of the camera.  - at the end as i near chilliwack, the camera couldn't handle the direct sunlight, so the image gets a but wonky. sorry bout that.. not much i can do.    oh, and did i say camera? these pictures were taken on a motorola atrix 4g. 1024x768 resolution shot once every 4 seconds. total drive time was 13.5 hours, including the sleep break in kindersley and the time change back to pst just west of golden, bc.    this was the route i took:     tracks used:  boards of canada - dayvan cowboy  boards of canada - skyliner timelapse drive saskatoon chilliwack trans canada highway driving saskatchewan alberta bc british columbia time lapse stop motion time-lapse road trip roadtrip trans-canada highway
"cold lake" xx.rachel's photos around cold lake, canada (pictures of cold lake alberta) preview of xx.rachel's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  pictures of cold lake alberta cold lake alberta pictures school buses cold lake cold lake alberta canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
grand river rafting takes "get out girls" on a guided trip down the grand river the canadian grand river rafting company near paris ontario takes two american girls for a very unique guided rafting trip on the grand river... 1 hour west of toronto. grand river rafting guided trip
on 1801 at tomiko 1/5 (27sep2012) ontario northland 1801 (train 698 -- cochrane to toronto) southbound at mile 27 of the temagami subdivision in tomiko pulling and apu and 5 passenger cars (28 axles, 512 feet). this is the second last day of northlander service.  notice to ontc passengers: please note that the northlander passenger train is no longer in service.  railfan high definition video canon vixia hf g10 hd 1080p avchd 2012 central ontario canada speed freight train diesel locomotives toronto barrie alliston bolton vaughn canadian passenger trainspotting scanner google earth foamers gone wild photography scenic landscape river sunset sunrise nature wildlife siding track tunnel lake crossing teamsters conductor engineer detector hot box stop clear signal rtc cb bridges diamond junction turnout
first time she has witnessed magic day 30 -- music by: das record   hadlen is a hypnotist, magician, mentalist, and speaker and he presents "first time she has witnessed magic"  -------------------------------- description --------------------------------  in this episode we meet dakota and tuco as well as go on a time lapse mission around the city of bridges! i also make a promise!  filmed in saskatoon, saskatchewan, canada in 2016.  -------------------------------- subscribe --------------------------------  new videos every day!  -------------------------------- can you hadlen more? --------------------------------  daily magic on snapchat:  facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  periscope:  website:  google+:    -------------------------------- hadlen's po box --------------------------------  p.o. box 7175 saskatoon, saskatchewan, canada s7k 4j2 hadlen magic hypnosis magician hypnotist hypnotize hypnotise illusion illusionist mentalist entertainer speaker yxe saskatoon stoon sask sk saskatchewan vlog vlogs vlogger vloggers dailyvlog dailyvlogger daily yqr canada canadian first time she has witnessed magic hadlen vlog episode 30 hadlen vlog 30 das record
spring kayaking with ice burgs. thunder bay ontario.  first week of may 2009. kayak water paddling qajaq greenland paddle ice burg tuniq
the  olympic  torch relay ( a  canadian  music tribute) the olympic torch came though this small town of neepawa manitoba,   all canadian talent is featured in this video.   this  is a tribute to all people and countries associated with making a better place to live in and  creating a better world.    congratulations to phil and shelly who will be exchanging marriage vows on jan 15       let the melody of love guide you all the way...    the use of any copyrighted material is used under the guidelines of "fair use" in title 17  107 of the united states code. such material remains the copyright of the original holder and is used here for the purposes of education, comparison, and criticism only.  no infringement of copyright is intendedcopyright disclaimer under section 107 of the copyright act 1976, allowance is made for "fair use" for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use."   107.limitations on exclusive rights: fair use notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106a, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or records or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright. in determining whether the use made of a work in any particular case is a fair use the factors to be considered shall include  (1) the purpose and character of the use, including whether such use is of a commercial nature or is for nonprofit educational purposes; (2) the nature of the copyrighted work; (3) the amount and substantiality of the portion used in relation to the copyrighted work as a whole; and (4) the effect of the use upon the potential market for or value of the copyrighted work.     singers....in order of appearance                     intro music     video clips by   and       the winter olympic games are a winter multi-sport event held every four years. they feature winter sports held on snow or ice, such as alpine skiing, cross-country skiing, figure skating, bobsledding and ice hockey. cross-country skiing, figure skating, ice hockey, nordic combined, ski jumping, and speed skating have been competed at every winter olympics since 1924. other athletic events have been added  since.  some of these events, such as luge, short track speed skating, and freestyle skiing have earned a permanent spot on the olympic program.  the first winter olympics were held in chamonix, france in 1924. prior to this, figure skating and ice hockey had been events at the summer olympics.     many countries have played home to the winter olympics. france has been host to the games three times. the united states has hosted the games four times, more than any other country. several countries including italy, japan, austria and norway have hosted the games twice.  now in 2010, it is being held in vancouver, british columbia canada. this will be the second time the games will be held in canada.the games will then be hosted by sochi, russia in 2014. this will be the first time that russia has hosted a winter olympic games. mommarox2 promotions anniecanada hanniepattison paradiseearth1 kicktheashes patchcords eddie629 modernoracle vancouver olympics winter games sports torch 2010 winter canada theneepawabanner erphilfarry bandbsmom ice hockey yt:stretch=4:3 yt:crop=16:9 yt:quality=high
ice skating on kalamalka lake only rarely does kal lake freeze over, and is the ice free of snow.  the end of january 2008 was such a confluence of circumstances.  yes i misspelled "edge" in the middle! ice skating kalamalka vernon bc canada coldstream winter sports
ice road truckin' 2011 pics and video shot on a trip to gameti, trout lake and fort providence nt canada. the music is jimmy eat world "a praise chorus." ice road truckin' 2011 northwest territories
manitoba rednecks 2008!! my nephew troy going 87km/h across lake manitoba!! lake manitoba rednecks johnnyotterman eriksdale ice crazy hockey speed
wind across the ice at eagle lake rv resort. weather is a defining feature of the canadian experience.  wind is a predominant part of the prairies. enjoy this short clip of the wind whistling across eagle lake, near strathmore, near calgary, alberta, canada. wind weather ice eagle lake rv resort recreational vehicles campgrounds camping winter blowing cold whistling namaka strathmore alberta canada frozen
ice berg   hampden nl. these ice bergs were seen in hampden white bay, on sept 7th 2011. newfoundland and labrador. ice berg hampden nl
a life like this - hot breakfast saddlebag productions presents- stake lake ice races feb. 13, 2011.  the bc surf-reggae band hot breakfast asked that i put together a music video for them as compensation for using their music in my last video.  so here it is along with some killer, hd corner-cam footage taken with my gopro hd helmet cam; i love that camera. kamloopsdirtrider ice racing stake lake motorcycle dirt bike gopro hd crash extreme sports crashes motocross kamloops gkma outdoors quad
hoteldeglace (am-13) qubec canada ice hotel l'hotel de glace de la rgion de qubec, reconstruite annuellement depuis l'an 2000.  the ice hotel of quebec city rebuilt every winter since year 2000.   ice hotel de glace qubec canada
ice storm trenton ontario! please "thumbs up" this video. thank you! subscribe:  larry graves asmr channel:  all my playlists:  facebook:  twitter:  important: don't forget to click the "bell" next to the subscribe button and select "send me all notifications for this channel".  otherwise you may not receive notification when i upload. #canadianstudmuffin #larrygraves #trentonontario #quintewest  larry graves aka canadian studmuffin is from trenton ontario and has been creating original comedy videos on youtube since february 2006.  please support my channel by leaving comments and rating the videos you watch. thank you! ice storm ontario ice storm trenton ice storm trenton ontario trenton ontario ice storm winter weather weather warning ice larry graves canadian studmuffin winter driving tim hortons coffee cat litter driving roads road conditions comedy humor funny quinte west belleville ontario icy slippery bad weather ontario weather toronto maple leafs idiot 2016 march 24
pre-christmas paddle at houseys rapids & kahshe lake near washago merry christmas from your favourite paddle partners, dan herbert and kevin leatherdale! pounding through ice at houseys rapids & kahshe lake near washago in smoke on the water. if you'd like to join us sometime, message me. music is mele kalikimaka by bing crosby. washago houseys rapids kahshe lake paddling canoe winter ice mele kalikimaka bing crosby christmas
ttdt & scubatraining inc. march 6, 2016 padi ice diver course scubatraining inc invited the turkey dive team (ttdt) to help out with their latest ice diving course march 6, 2016 morrison's quarry, wakefield quebec canada. could not have picked a better day. thanks to greg, jeff, ivan and johanne for a great time, hope you enjoy the video.... ttdt turkey dive team wakefield quebec canada ottawa scubatraining ice ice diver ice diving scuba padi diving
waterway tips #1 - special lock fees? this is the first in a series of quick tips and insights when cruising on the trent severn waterway.   this time, we answer the question of whether there are special, or additional fees to use the lift locks (located at kirkfield and peterborough) or the big chute marine railway. short answer is no, as the fees to use the lock system is charged by the foot per vessel for a specified period of time (daily, weekly or annually) and is not specific to any one lock.   please follow along on my channel for more of these tips, as well as hundreds of original boating and travel videos.   the trent severn waterway is located in ontario, canada. it's 240 mile/386 km long series of lakes, rivers and canals connect lake ontario at trenton with georgian bay/lake huron at port severn and forms an integral part of america's great loop.   for a complete breakdown on the fees, navigation schedule and more, please visit my trent severn waterway web site @   video location: 44.58983 -78.99106  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to check our site -  - for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  future dvd productions will include travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information.  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun locks tips navigating lift lock kirkfield peterborough big chute cruise marine special tourist destination tourism (interest)
canoeing palliser rapid kootenay river bc august 1, 2011  bow waters canoe club  don canoe canoeing bc water sports park boats kayak river rafting
aleks' story: canoeing down the mountain river of all the alpine rivers in the northwest territories, the wildest may be the mountain, where virtually nonstop moving whitewater churns through deep box canyons for hundreds of kilometres, giving experienced paddlers the thrill of a lifetime. canoeing aleks water outdoor sports tourism outdoor recreation river travel northwest territories nwt whitewater
the canadian canoe guys june 1 2009: tony ebdon and christopher petrie embarked on an epic canoe odyssey where they followed the historic western canadian fur trade route.   the pair  started at fort edmonton on the north saskatchewan river. in 87 days, they paddled more than 2000 kilometers to knee lake, manitoba, just 325km from the hbc trading post, york factory on hudson bay. join the adventure at     correction:  diefenbaker dam was a nickname some of the locals of prince albert gave to the unfinished dam.  this is not the case it is actually called la colle falls hydro electric project and construction first begun in 1910 and was abandoned shortly after.  deifenbaker was not in office until 1957, just 3 years before the unfinished dam was pade off by the town of prince albert. canoe guys tony ebdon christopher petrie canoeing adventure travel hudson bay saskatchewan river alberta manitoba saint john's school of canadian wilderness self propelled canadian history native american history leave no trace camping educational wild life bears lake winnipeg hayes river canadian wild
fly in to foster lake fly in to the lower foster lake for a 3 week canoe trip canoeing foster saskatchewan fly in
the river between a visual journal of a canoe trip emma and i took during the summer of 2015. we paddled from the bridge crossing the fort nelson river at highway 77 (liard highway) in northern bc, to tsiigehtchic, nwt. we left on june 22nd and arrived august 6th, traveling roughly 1530km on the fort nelson, liard and mackenzie (deh cho) rivers. music by lord huron and shane koyczan and the short story long. mackenzie river canada canoe trip liard river canoeing northwest territories deh cho northern canada canadian arctic fort nelson river camping summer river travel contemporary dance paddling northern summer midnight sun land of the midnight sun land of little sticks
lac la croix, warrior hill, the nina-moose river, rebecca falls and more a collection of videos and pictures of the beautiful things to be seen on both sides of the border on lac la croix, agnes lake, nina-moose lake and river, and the other lakes and rivers in the boundary waters (minnesota) and quetico provincial park (ontario). i took these pictures and videos on three separate october trips through the same chain of lakes.    i would put in on the nina-moose river, go up to agnes, then lac la croix, then east into iron lake and rebeca falls.    october is the best time to go. no bugs, not many people, the light is a different shade and very beautiful, leaves are turning colors, and it's free after october 1st! boundary waters canoe area wilderness bwca bwcaw quetico provincial park minnesota ontario lake river agnes nina moose lac la croix iron rebecca rebeca falls wild canoeing paddle kayak camp pines leaves warrior hill canadian shield stream beaver dam mink canada nature travel log outdoors
canoeing the north saskatchewan river howse river float by banff national park near saskatchewan river in the footsteps of david thompson canoe canoeing ceyana canoe club bwcc bow waters banff national park alberta canada river outdoor sports fur trade history david thompson
french river canoe trip  the frontier bushcraft french river canoeing expedition is an accessible, enjoyable and enabling canadian canoe adventure trip. here you can hone and integrate your bushcraft and expedition canoeing skills in a superb area of wild ontario with a colossal canoe heritage, all under the guidance of experts in their field - ray goodwin and paul kirtley. this expedition provides fantastic opportunity to follow the paddles and portages of natives, explorers and voyageurs on a canadian heritage river.   the french river is one of the most important waterways in the history of canada. a travel route of the ojibwa indians, the french river later became a key link in the fur trade. for this alone the french river would be remarkable. however, not only does the french river have an exceptional cultural history, it also possesses a rich natural diversity along with complex topography.  located in south-central ontario, the 110 km corridor of the french river drains the region of the canadian shield between lake nipissing in the east and georgian bay in the west. the french river flows through a landscape that remains largely as it was when the first europeans explored it over three hundred years ago. the area provides great opportunities for employing canoe and bushcraft skills. indeed, in this environment, they fit together perfectly.  for more information, dates and prices check out the link below:   french river canoe canoe trip canoe expedition canoeing expedition outdoors camping bushcraft wilderness canada ray goodwin paul kirtley adventure adventure travel canoe camping voyageurs portages portaging portageur multi-day campcraft tradition traditional hudson's bay company fur trade
jonathan belando[municipality of cauayan] theamitys's webcam video september 10, 2010, 09:52 am webcam video theamitys
bwcc paddling the kootenay river, music canoe trip on the kootenay river, bc, canada, with the bow waters canoe club on august 1-3, 2009 canoeing camping kootenay river bow waters canoe club bwcc
hammock camping - 3 nights in kawartha highlands here are the trip pictures:   the lakes are algonquin provincial park were still not iced-out by the end of may, so some friends and i went portaging at kawartha highlands provincial park (7 friends total). we started at long lake lodge, where we rented canoes, and then headed west to cox lake where we stayed for 3 nights.  i didn't go into my setup in the video, but here it is. i switched it up this time and went back to my first hammock - my eno doublenest with whoopies. i used my hammockgear burrow 40 (with 2oz overfill, all in the footbox), warbonnet 3-season yeti, a thermarest zlite foam pad cut-to-size to cover the back of my legs and feet, and the warbonnet mambajamba. i'm 6'2'', so i need a decent sized pad to cover my legs since the torso-length uq doesn't cover past my butt.  the only reason i brought 4 coffee crisp was to make all of the non-canadians jealous - especially you, shug :p  hope you enjoy the video,  yellowrain  ----- this whole video was shot using the samsung galaxy s5 in (hdr video with smooth motion 60fps). kawartha kawartha highlands provincial park (protected site) portage backpacking hammocks hammock camping canoeing long lake (lake) long lake lodge cox lake
canoeing in nopiming park a family canoe trip along the seagrim lakes route in nopiming provincial park in june 2012. nopiming provincial park elton lake seagrim lake canoe canoeing portage nopiming manitoba
canoeing kashepapekamuk rapids: take 1, berens river, manitoba, canada aug 30 2010. ken and clive.    starts of with a ci, ends with a technical cii. stay close to centre to avoid heavy boils to the left. canoe canoeing berens river manitoba
waterton national park alberta canada waterton national park alberta canada. a short visit to south of alberta together with the whole gang, a little town called waterton. located in boundary of usa and canada.  credits to the music in this video: audio library the time is now -  away for me -  trending waterton national parks alberta canada lakes travel usa mountainering hiking bear hump boat canoeing tour tourist calgary edmonton tourism adventure banf jasper
nahanni river magic a toronto physician celebrates his 50th birthday with a dream canoe trip down the nwt's nahanni river in the nahanni national park reserve. outdoor sports tourism rafting nwt wilderness nahanni river kayak nahanni park water outdoor sports travel canoe canoeing adventure
outlet of caledon lake, peel region, ontario strong water flow, even with a month of no rain.  navigable. caledon alton orangeville trails canoeing swimming caledon lake travel outdoors peel region credit river
red deer river canoe camping near drumheller canoeing on the red deer river in alberta camping by the river. paddling from dry island buffalo jump to the morin bridge (starland recreation area).  this campsite is about 500 m upstream from the old stone house or 5 km upstream from the morin bridge canoe canoeing camping red deer river (river) drumheller (city/town/village) alberta (canadian province) canada (country) canoe camping water kayak starland recreation area morin bridge dry island buffalo jump provincial park park
murtle lake "reflections'   wells gray provincial park set amoungst the spectacular cariboo mountains, murtle lake is one of the top destinations in the world for pristine, wilderness paddling. located in wells gray provincial park, murtle lake is north america's largest "canoe only" lake (kayaks are welcome, too!). #findyourwild murtle lake is accessed off highway #5 at blue river. drive 27 km west on a winding, narrow, gravel road to the parking lot. from there, a 2.5 km level trail (canoe-cart accessible) leads to the canoe launch. canoes and canoe carts can be rented from  #explorebc #norththompsonvalley #wellsgray #thecanadayouimagined wells gray provincial park murtle lake ken matheson clearwater bc km documentary film and digital stories canoeing
massasauga provincial park a canoe trip at spider lake in massasauga provincial, ontario, canada provincial park massasauga provincial park (protected site) canoeing (sport) canoeing paddling
canoeing on four mile lake  canoeing
sweetwater lake village at koocanusa. the beaches sweetwater british columbia, lake village at koocanusa. live the sweet life on the waters of lake koocanusa. british columbia (canadian province) water sports beach village (fictional organization type) lake (geographical feature category) boat water lake koocanusa (lake) tourist destination
old wives, saskatchewan a quiet evening in old wives. old wives saskatchewan canada small towns tourism travel ghost town safe clean clear rural canadian pacific
tips on downrigging or trolling for lake trout csf 24 07 tip 2 how to use portable downriggers.    produced by  for csf 24 07 tip2 fishing tips downrigging trolling lake trout italo labignan humminbird
culture shock movie part 3 by saffron hayes a documentary about travel experiences in india, nepal and alaska. culture shock, is a documentary about my personal experience while traveling from juneau, alaska to india and nepal.  i am the project founder and artist, saffron hayes, and i started filming the documentary during the summer of 2004.  after finishing high school in alaska, i traveled to southern india, madras, and helped build an ashram on the beach of a fishing village in pondicherry.  after filming the beach and city life of southern india, i independently traveled north to vanarsi city on the ganges river, where the indian people spiritually burn the dead in ghats.  i decided to leave india to spend time with the mountain people of nepal, where i documented their traditional way of life.  i trekked north, deeper into the himalayan mountains, until i reached srinagar kashmir and climbed 3,500 meters above sea level to see the alien terrain and razor peaks.  i trekked far away from urban life to experience the vast beauty of the himalayan mountain landscape and document the cultural connection with the land.  the documentary follows the life of a young man growing up and traveling to the other side of the world and back. going on this world adventure and documenting the culture differences, the audience will have a chance to see how different cultures deal with the psychological difficulties accompanied by a post-modern society.  this is an enormous project that has taken me eight years to get this far, but i want to share my life experiences with the world. pledge for this project and get a feature length dvd   documentary india juneau pondicherry landscape connection travel independent climbing trekking outdoor adventure explore sport tour film trek saffron hayes kayak nature tourism sports film (film) ashram beach village fishing lifestyle
summerside commercial multi-family apartment duplex real estate for sale 440 notre dame pei canada please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance    mls description: nice clean completely and fully renovated over and under duplex located in a great area of the city surrounded with things to do, places to go, and just feet away from the newly developed credit union place, and summerside waterfront and boardwalk (includes a sandy beach, walking trails, exercise equipment, and a dog park). priced to sell quickly, and the income is excellent. the lot is double sized, and the duplex consists of two 2 bedroom units that include newer floors and bathrooms. the structure has been improved, the furnace and hot water tank replaced, and includes lots of new plumbing. it is never hard to find good tenants in this location. downstairs unit also has complete access to a full height basement. located near st. eleanors, wilmot valley, miscouche, linkletter, sherbrooke, lot 16, belmont, travellers rest. located west of charlottetown, north west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and in summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada. michael is also a developer and has an extensive background in information technology. michael is extremely entrepreneurial in nature and always on the lookout for investment and business opportunities relating to or not relating to real estate. michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.  thank you to youtube for hosting and distribution. realtor.ca/mls.ca & peirea mls # 13065457. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
snow day! - first atv ride on the lake this year - dec.16 2012 finally the ice is thick enough so we went out for our first ride of the year on the lake with the yamaha grizzly and kodiak. also was our first real test ride wearing our mustang floater suits. it was very reassuring to know that we had that extra protection in case we ever went through the ice. hopefully, we will never have to find out how good they work! thank you mustang!   as it turned out, we had a good dump of snow the day before, so we had that to play with also! but, we also had lots of shoveling and snow blowing to do when we got back:(  also this was the first time we have come across a fellow youtuber! we met up with "vishuscirquel" while we were stopped out on the ice road. if you like fishing, he has lots of great fishing videos from around the area. be sure to check his videos out at:   tell him that cubbee and ck sent you over!   if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also check us out on our blog page where you will find our latest videos and pictures. we are also working on a new faq for some of the most frequent questions we get asked.   you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo     snow yamaha grizzly kodiak lake ice frozen ride atv quad cubbeezx fishing snowplow donut trails ice road mustang floater suit vishuscirquel
james schouw - seawall chronicles #24  - john reynolds salmon seawall chronicles is a project created by vancouver designer and real estate developer james schouw:  this video series celebrates the interplay between vancouver's natural and urban environments, including local interest, tourism and historical perspectives of experts and public figures. it features the world's longest public seawall, in vancouver, british columbia, canada. this episode features tom buell bc leadership chair in salmon conservation john reynolds, fraser river sockeye run, commercial and recreational fishing, salmon stocks of coho, chinook, sockeye, pink and chum, economic activity, marine life, ecosystem, killer whales, sturgeon, research, fisheries management and policy. seawall chronicles facebook page:  james schouw's facebook page:  sockeye coho james schouw environment ecosystyem fisheries vancouver british columbia fraser river orcas killer whales fishing research
on 1800 at trout creek 4/8 (16sep2012) ontario northland 1800 (train 697 -- toronto to cochrane) northbound at mile 200 of the newmarket subdivision at trout creek pulling an apu and 3 passenger cars.  onr: "notice to passengers - after september 28, 2012, the northlander train will no longer be in service." northlander webpage:  railfan video 2012 central ontario canada canon vixia hf g10 hd 1080p avchd high definition video speed freight train diesel locomotives toronto barrie alliston bolton vaughn canadian passenger trainspotting scanner google earth foamers gone wild photography scenic landscape river sunset sunrise nature wildlife siding track tunnel lake crossing teamsters conductor engineer detector hot box stop clear signal rtc cb bridges diamond junction turnout
#678 a day in the canyons 1 cn martel  2016-09-24 i had a very enjoyable day of looking for trains in the thompson river canyon and the fraser river canyon with nick. we had some success.  our first stop was not technically in the thompson river canyon, but close enough. cn martel is just north of spences bridge at mile 68.4 of canadian national's  ashcroft subdivision.  for the scoop on train numbers and locomotives, checkout  it's a good video with alternate views at the same locations by nick (sd70aceguy)   if you go to google, select maps and paste in  50.49390 -121.29410  you'll see the general location of this video.  recorded with a canon xa10 and a sony hdr-cx110, . edited and produced using cyberlink powerdirector 14 ultra.   information regarding locomotive types, build and other data are from the  '2015 canadian trackside guide' published by (and available from) the bytown railway society inc., ottawa, ontario, canada.  n.b.the photographer and cameras did not encroach on the line of the right-of-way in taking this video. it is dangerous, foolhardy (and illegal) to enter on railway right-of-way. just sayin' ... "you don't stand on a runway to watch airplanes."   this video and audio material may not be reproduced in any form (except as an embedded video on any other website), without written permission. translink model locomotive powerdirector 15 british columbia canada maple ridge vancouver bnsf train bc canadian cp scale lower delta pitt meadows skeenapac pratt railfan passenger railway rocky_mountaineer rail via garden steam surrey skeena amtrak pacific freight new_westminster sub rail_link abbotsford yale railway langley sry agassiz port trains railroad mainland mission cn national west coast express cascade
haystack mountain - kianuko provincial park bc our hike up haystack mountain in kianuko provincial park north of creston, bc on july 10, 2015.  subscribe to our channel for more hiking videos in bc!    provincial park mountain (geographical feature category) kianuko provincial park tourist destination tourism (interest) hiking (sport) creston (city/town/village) british columbia (canadian province) canada (country) haystack mountain (mountain)
opaskwayak: leading the way just something i put together for a video i am working on for a company that wanted me to do for them. i have a small window to complete this and wished i could buy more time to make it like the way i envisioned it. its a prmotional video about a first nation that went through many trials and errors before becoming one of the most succesfull first nations in manitoba. it also depicts how relationships beween two cultures developed over the years and how this new bond is paving the way for both communities to becoming the new hub of the north. ocn justice 1ocn opaskwayak the pas manitoba chief cree efx gabriel constant earlyman72 ocn justice committee canada flag war veterans teaser trailer women dancing singers fancy dress pow wow womens rights residential school boarding anglican catholic abuse oscar lathlin collegate
bull moose slurpee breakfast - kananaskis, alberta, canada. young bull moose in peter lougheed provincial park, kananaskis country, last fall. we had pulled over as this guy came down the hill on the opposite side of the road, expecting he would walk across the road a little way in front of our car. but instead, he walked towards us and stopped in this little pool right across from our car. he had a good ol' drink and nosh and then crossed the road behind us and wandered off into a meadow.  i will be uploading plenty more videos from my wildlife encounters, so please consider subscribing if (like me) you're wild about nature. in the meantime you can find more of my work at:       wildlife moose bull moose peter lougheed provincial park kananaskis kananaskis country k country k-country alberta canada rockies rocky mountains rockymntchick animals nature mammals alces alces ungulates dee cresswell dee cresswell photography wild about nature wild wildlife videos funny drinking eating canadian cute
pet beach, awenda provincial park, georgian bay, lake huron, ontario, canada pet beach, awenda provincial park, georgian bay, lake huron, ontario, canada provincial park awenda provincial park (protected site) ontario (canadian province) tourist destination canada (country) tourism (interest) dog german shepherd toronto pets pets beach awenda provincial park georgian bay lake huron animal dogs beach (geographical feature category) animals animal (film character) pet (website category) vancouver
nl aerial productions - cappahayden this short video showcases the tiny community of cappahayden, which is located on the southern shore of newfoundland and labrador, canada.  nlaerial@gmail.com  intro: ravenprodesign youtube channel  newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) cappahayden (city/town/village) drone aerial nlaerial phantom 3 dji aerial photography (website category) tourist destination canada (country) tourism (interest)
winnipeg kayak tales: the caddy lake tunnel this is the tunnel from caddy lake to south cross lake in the whiteshell provincial park, manitoba, canada. aug 19, 2014.  music by incompitech.com lake (geographical feature category) tourist destination kayak tunnel paddling water kayaking (sport) park bridge tourism (interest)
owen sound - where you want to live the video captures the essence of what makes owen sound a community of choice. few communities can boast of the unique quality of life enjoyed in owen sound, on georgian bay at the foot the bruce peninsula, part of the world-famous niagara escarpment. the video includes footage by local photographers and filmmakers, with a special appearance by owen sound's olympian and world cup skiier, larisa yurkiw. the cover song, "a beautiful life," is performed by owen sound musical duo beckon.  "owen sound -- where you want to live" was produced by the economic development and tourism department with co-operation from many tourism and community partners. please share the video with family, friends and anyone who has an interest in owen sound. owen sound grey county niagara escarpment (geographical feature) waterfalls inglis falls culture (website category) ontario (canadian province) georgian bay (body of water) tourism (interest) travel (tv genre)
st. marys, ontario just a short video to show this 'extreme scenic' town in ontario. (and this is the ugly part of town)  ( polar pro circular polarizer filter attached )  music: far the days come - letter box ontario unmanned aerial vehicle (aircraft type) st. marys (city/town/village) travel ontario tourism ontario dji phantom tourism (interest) thames river (river) uav footage drone footage uav video drone video canada river thames (river) scenic ontario scenic town polar pro circular polarizer filter quadcopter
joffre lakes hike the joffre lakes hike is an incredible hike just outside of pemberton, bc. have you done it yet?  follow along with more of my adventures by following the links below: facebook - wanderlustmegan:  twitter -  instagram -  travel blog -  joffre lakes provincial park (tourist attraction) tourist destination hiking (sport) lake (album) glacier lake joffre lakes provincial park british columbia #explorebc canada joffre lakes tourism (interest)
the sounds of kingston ontario we collaborated with shoreline productions to bring you what is probably the most kingstonian video you'll ever see   produced by jared coleman and john sanfilippo  a big thanks to all who helped make this possible:  "big" kris bawden amy brown-coleman jordan bulhoes justin chenier katie coleman madison coleman eric ferguson sarah forsyth greg gouthro bill hutchins riley jabour!!! miss emily brian leclair  andrew "rev" revelle chris whyman    kingston (city/town/village) kingston ontario ontario (canadian province) fort henry ontario (museum) kingston frontenacs (ice hockey team) town crier (profession) kingston town crier bill hutchins miss emily emily fennell tyton sound shoreline productions hockey (sport) st. mary's cathedral wolfe island (island) sounds of kingston chris whyman ygk the sounds of kingston kingston sounds canada (country) tourism (interest) tourism kingston
the heights at english bay in cold lake, alberta - prestigious properties the heights at english bay, located just steps away from the shores of cold lake is a new eco-friendly community surrounded by regional wetlands and lush forests a synthesis of nature and home. abcofilm abco german deutsch dutch holland netherlands canada kanada airforce base cab 4-wings cold lake (city/town/village) alberta (canadian province) tourist destination tourism (interest) fish wetlands canadian theheightsatenglishbay canadian wetlands cwi vancouver edmonton oil oilsands thomas beyer prestigiousproperties prestigious properties
sit back sunday - gopro cruise through bobcaygeon to pigeon lake i've changed things up a bit for this one - the sixth in this series - with a bit of bonus content towards the end.    captured this going through (down-bound) lock #32 at bobcaygeon, ontario along the 240 mile long trent severn waterway on a hot and calm day. this video takes us to and through the lock and continues eastward along the river to pigeon lake. to see more of this portion of our boat voyage - and more of that great tune playing in the background, check out this video -  - much of which was captured with my sony nx30u camera.   location of this video: 44.53734 -78.54635  filmed with gopro hero @ camera in suction cup mount. july, 2014.  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun pigeon lake (lake) bobcaygeon (city/town/village) tourist destination gopro tourism (interest)
sucia 2015 leaving far too late to be smart (not alone), we headed out for our 2015 trip to sucia island in the san juans with the macgregor yacht club of bc. it was a fantastic trip where we reconnected with old friends and made new ones too.  come sail with us! ( macgregor sucia island (geographical feature) 26m macgregor 26 mycbc tourist destination sailing (sport) tourism (interest) fossil bay fox cove tattoo 26 salish sea (location)
east coast lifestyle x alexander keith's collaboration east coast lifestyle & alexander keith's have collaborated to bring you 1 of 6 different t-shirt designs included in each 28 pack of keith's beer this winter. this campaign was created to bring together the heritage of two nova scotia brands & give back to our roots. east coast alexander keith's brewery (brewery / brand of beer) nova scotia (canadian province) canada (country) halifax regional municipality (city/town/village) sidney crosby tourism (interest) newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) new brunswick (canadian province) alberta (canadian province) prince edward island (canadian province) labatt brewing company (brewery / brand of beer)
kayak baddeck,bras d'or lakes adventures-08,14. kayaking cape breton isl tourist destination baddeck (city/town/village) bras d'or lake (lake) tourism (interest) kayak adventure st andrews channel seal island bridge alder point ns kidston lighthouse cape breton isl
glorious summer boating report from fenelon falls another spectacular summer evening as we look at our mooring at the bottom of the lock at fenelon falls, along the beautiful 240 mile long trent severn waterway in ontario, canada.   a bit of fun getting in to our docking spot, but we ended up getting the perfect spot to tie up there. great view and the sound of the waterfalls always make for a memorable stay.  video location: 44.53535 -78.73572  filmed in august/14.  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to check our site -  - for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  future dvd productions will include travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information.  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun fenelon falls (city/town/village) tourist destination tourism (interest) summer
boat cruise bobcaygeon to lakefield - hot & sunny another very hot & sunny day for cruising on the water. today we are heading along ontario canada's 240 mile long trent severn waterway, heading from bobcaygeon, across pigeon lake, through buckhorn, lovesick lake, stoney lake and on to our stop for the next couple of days - the village of lakefield on lake katchewanooka.   after a seven hour boat ride on this humid day, it sure was nice to jump in the water fro a refreshing swim. afterward, a bbq on the dock with my lovely anchor girl set us up for a gorgeous evening, watching the slowly setting sun over lakefield marina.   awesome! as mr. bob marley sings, this really does satisfy my soul. and we are eternally grateful :-)  musical attribution: 'satisfy my soul', by bob marley  location (lakefield, ontario) of this video: 44.42947 -78.26967  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to check our site -  - for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  future dvd productions will include travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information.  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun bobcaygeon (city/town/village) lakefield travel bob marley (musical artist) tourist destination tourism (interest) water cruise bbq
parrsboro & cumberland county video for town of parrsboro and cumberland county, nova scotia. originally created for a trade show to promote not only visiting the area but also living there. parrsboro (city/town/village) nova scotia (canadian province) amherst (city/town/village) rocklyn warren trimedia atlantic tourism (interest)
old welland canal the third welland canal took a more direct path from port dalhousie to allanburg leaving behind the twelve mile creek route. from allanburg the canal continued to follow the previous path with the exception of bypassing many of the canal downtown community centers. construction on the canal was completed in 1887. the third canal no longer depended on the feeder canal for its source of water. instead water was directly supplied from lake erie via the canal itself. the canal was now 4.3 meters deep and its 26 stone locks had swelled to a dimension of 13.7 meters in width with a distance of 82.3 meters between lock gates. welland (city/town/village) canal (geographical feature category) tourist destination the third welland canal welland canal (body of water) tourism (interest)
discovery passage passage 2011 the annual crossing of human powered marine vessels from campbell river, b.c. to cape mudge on quadra island. it recreates our history when discovery passage of times gone by when there was regular small boat traffic between the two islands. it also recognizes the friendship of peoples from two shores. campbell river cape mudge wei wai kai canoes kayaks row boats dragon boats journey discovery passage passage boat boat flotilla friendship history tourist destination sailing ocean tourism (interest)
the best things to do in nova scotia dave and deb of theplanetd take an east coast road trip along the south shore and show you the very best things to do in nova scotia.  -------- explore more travel videos subscribing to our travel channel  ------------- enjoy this video highlighting all the great stops on nova scotia's south shore. from peggy's cove to lunenburg and all the way down to hidden gems like the black loyalist museum, cape forchu lighthouse in yarmouth and crescent beach, the only beach you can drive on in the province.   for more information on travel to nova scotia, visit  ------------- read more and see the photos:  ------------- *** theplanetd social***  facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  youtube:  theplanetd blog:  ------------------ music courtesy of killer tracks:  title: hoots  album: atmos 119 track: 2 & title: new dublin album: mat 262 track: 9  links to companies mentioned in video:  peggy's cove boat tours:  oceanstone resort:  lanes privateer inn:  black loyalist museum:  east coast kayakers:  theplanetd the planet d dave and deb dave bouskill travel adventure adventure travel tourism shore (geographical feature category) road trip (media genre) canada east coast nova scotia (canadian province) lunenburg (city/town/village) peggys cove (location) coast east southern nova scotia (location) tourism (interest) vacation (quotation subject)
a tour of shediac, nb (parlee beach) we've put together this short video to thank everyone who supported us during this past season. we drove around shediac 7 days a week, for a duration of 8 weeks from june 26th to august 22nd. during this time we offered free transportation to and from the downtown area and the great attractions that shediac has to offer. this shuttle service was provided by centre-ville shediac downtown inc. and operated by east coast transpo inc.  special thanks to aero view photography and hopin tv for helping us put together this video.  ---------------------------------------------------------------------  nous avons mis en place cette courte vido pour remercier tous ceux qui nous ont soutenu au cours de cette dernire saison. nous avons fait le tour de shediac 7 jours par semaine, pour une dure de 8 semaines  partir du 26 juin jusqu'au 22 aot. pendant ce temps, nous avons offert le transport gratuit entre le centre-ville et les grandes attractions que shediac offre. ce service de navette a t fourni par le centre-ville de shediac downtown inc. et exploit par east coast transpo inc.   merci spcial  aero view photography et hopin tv pour nous avoir aider  mettre ensemble cette vido. shuttle shediac (city/town/village) transportation east coast navette tourist destination shuttle bus service tourism (interest) parlee beach plage parlee ville de shediac beach blast beach shediac parlee beach concert parlee beach country shediac country
sea kayak near peggy's cove dave and deb of theplanetd go sea kayaking on the south shore of nova scotia on canada's east coast! ----------- subscribe for weekly travel videos!  ----------- read more and see the photos:  for more information on travel to nova scotia visit nova scotia tourism   check out  east coast outfitters  for kayaking peggy's cove and the south shore ------------- *** theplanetd social***  facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  youtube:  theplanetd blog:  ------------------ music courtesy of killer tracks:   name of song: "are you enough" cd number: atmos341  track number: 1  nash & roots  video transcript:  one of the things i love about paddling is just the peacefulness of it. you know you can just hear,  the paddle strokes. that's about it. the dipping in the water and it really allows you to get up close with nature. which is something i just love. maybe that's why we do so much kayaking. alright we are getting ready for our paddling adventure, this afternoon, here in lower prospect in nova scotia. gonna be a blast. hey hey. all safe yeah! we're going through the roost. well done dave. thank you very much! you can easily find some muscles for sure. they nestle themselves in the cracks of the rocks. so you just pull back this sea grass, and go buy one of the cracks and you'll see lots of muscles bye open ocean, we're going back in now, that was fun. over here on the east coast of nova scotia, i'm having such a great time. i mean this is, really is the way to get out and sea nature theplanetd the planet d dave and deb dave bouskill travel adventure adventure travel tourism nova scotia (canadian province) canada (country) nature kayaking (sport) destination north culture tourism (interest) ocean (geographical feature category) goprohero gopro (award-winning work) sea kayak
wanderarra #1: british columbia, canada; radium, invermere heii madlang people! it's arra :). this is my first video for my wandering/travelling series called wanderarra! it's just a series of me wandering around places, seeing interesting stuff ahaha. we long drived to radium, invermere, british columbia in this episode. there were a lot of mountains and other nature. the drive to there was 3 hours. i'm sorry i didn't really take a video of everything, it's because my ipad doesn't have a lot of storage but i'm going to be taking more when i buy another device? and i'm also sorry for the really boring repetitive music. i hope you guys like the video and the up coming ones. this is just day 1 in b.c. we were there for two nights and two days then went home after the second night but stopped over other places. if you like the video please comment like and subscribe thanks guys!  wanderarra #2   let's be friends!  instagram:  instagram.com/arguinmera instagram.com/wanderarra  twitter:  twitter.com/arguinmera  (i follow back if you tweet telling me you're one of my subscribers by using the hashtag #arguinmeraheii)  subscribe!:  youtube.com/c/arguinmeraheii  facebook:       if you see this comment: keep wandering :) wandering bohemian wanderarra travelling canada invermere radium britishcolumbia longdrive emoji wanderer tourist destination long drive british columbia (canadian province) boho dress a day in my life vlog travel video blog (website category) tourism (interest) day big horn bigg horn resort b. c. resort (industry) radium hot springs (city/town/village) canada travel canada (country) wander with me new on youtube mountains lakes nature
"go coastal!" - sunshine coast bc visit the beautiful sunshine coast of british columbia, canada. featuring original song "mark on my map" by stephanie formosa. british columbia (canadian province) tourist destination sunshine coast canada tourism (interest) canada (country) gibsons sechelt pender harbour roberts cr langdale british columbia (location) madeira park earls cove powell river british columbia (location) lund (city/town/village) texada island (island) savary mountain biking (interest) kayaking (sport) standup paddleboarding (sport)
knight inlet speedboat tour (british columbia, canada) highlights of the knight inlet speedboat tour in british columbia, canada by knight inlet lodge - including riding under a waterfall as  a natural waterpark! for more visit  i took part as a guest of destination canada, destination british columbia and knight inlet lodge on an #explorecanada spring watch trip:  travel vacation tips travellers traveler tips for travellers knight inlet (location) british columbia (canadian province) adventure nature tourism (interest) canada (country) destination knight inlet lodge speedboat tour excursion waterfall tourist destination speed boat knight inlet knight inlet bc speedboat canada british columbia canada british columbia knights inlet british columbia tour knights inlet british col travel vlog
highway down the hermitage peninsula, newfoundland's south coast  hermitage (city/town/village) newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) newfoundland (geographical feature) dominion of newfoundland (country) scenery tourism (interest) nl tourism cliffs bluffs mountain travel drive
gopro boat cruise simcoe to lock 38 - sit back sunday another in my sit back sunday gopro cruise videos. this time we are traveling from the south-eastern part of lake simcoe to lock #38 of ontario, canada's trent severn waterway.  location of this video: 44.47020 -79.17057  captured with the gopro hero 2 action camera, in suction cup mount.  filmed in july of 2014.   be sure to check our site -  - for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  future dvd productions will include travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information.  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun lake simcoe (lake) tourist destination cruise trent severn waterway gopro tourism (interest) cam gopro hero 2 camera
bart's 1100 km walk - pt 20 - redemption story in fruitvale bc 20th short video documenting my 1100 km walk from hope bc to calgary ab in 2013. see how religion rescues an atheist. bart zych 1100 km walk montrose bc fruitvale (city/town/village) trail (city/town/village) iforcommunity crowsnest highway (road) fruitvale (neighborhood) british columbia (canadian province) canada (country) real story
bergeron falls in the winter - tumbler ridge, british columbia welcome to the tumbler ridge global geopark! at 100 m (328 ft), this is one of the highest known waterfalls in northern british columbia, and one of the closest to tumbler ridge. set in a natural amphitheatre, water plunges off bergeron mountain and down into the murray river valley. you can hike in along a 4.5 km (2.8 mi) trail (one way) that climbs up and down along a series of ridges, finally depositing you at a viewpoint above the falls. for an ever-changing perspective, make your way back and forth along the edge of the bowl in which the falls are set.  (  for an aerial video of bergeron falls during the summer, click here!   we're on facebook, youtube, tumblr, and society 6!      we're a viso partner!   find a map of my videos at  tumbler ridge (city/town/village) british columbia (canadian province) tourist destination tourism (interest) snow canada (country) winter ice tumbler ridge british columbia above tumbler ridge bergeron falls in the winter tumbler ridge canada northern british columbia bergeron mountain tumbler ridge tumbler ridge global geopark global geopark bergeron bergeron falls
lakeside dr - skaha lake - bc skaha lake is a freshwater lake located along the course of the okanagan river in the okanagan valley of british columbia, canada. it has a surface area of approximately 20 km, with a maximum depth of 55 metres. british columbia (canadian province) lake (geographical feature category) tourist destination tourism (interest)
camping trip at banff national park, july 2014 this is a personal upload for keeping my memories of my solo driving/camping trip to banff national park in alberta, canada - july 2014. your comments are welcome, and you are welcome to enjoy this,...but know that i put this together really for myself, and to remember my trip by. maybe to share with a few good friends too.  :)  i shot over four hours of footage, but these clips have some of the most personal meaning. banff (city/town/village) banff national park (protected site) vacation (quotation subject) alberta canada (country) tourist destination tourism (interest) tallsky
boat trip to rosedale lock - trent severn waterway a look around the grounds of lock #35 along the trent severn waterway at rosedale, ontario, canada. part of our many travels - and videos - from this beautiful boaters heaven in central ontario. filmed in july/13.  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' ontario boating cruising sea ray (brand) travel boat tsw playlist trentsevern waterway (tourist attraction) tourist destination river tourism (interest) travel adventure sea ray (business operation)
achray algonquin  scenic waterfalls beautiful area, hidden away unless you portage it.  algonguin park, achray, grand lake to carcajou bay ( karkishoo) to the other high falls and back, august 2015  native flute ensemble - (peace arrows)  cd - a healer's hands   foscam action camera wondershare filmora editing algonquin provincial park (protected site) waterfall (geographical feature category) tourist destination lake (geographical feature category) climbing tourism (interest) foscam action camera foscam 1080p itunes kayaking canoeing (sport) paddling river vacation (film) photography (visual art form) hiking (sport) canada (country) ontario (canadian province) grand lake (lake) achray park native flute ensemble world music new-age music (musical genre)
wakaw, saskatchewan two days in two years, spring and summer, in wakaw. wakaw (city/town/village) saskatchewan (canadian province) canada (country) small town grand trunk pacific canadian national railway company (business operation) rural safe clean travel (tv genre) tourism (interest)
pingualuit adventure - preview - adventures north tv sneak preview of episode "pingualuit crater park adventure" from the northern most part of nunavik, quebec. the water in the crater lake is among the clearest in the world and it's perfectly round shape and depth of 300 meters captivates all who visit.  pristine arctic landscapes, wildlife, birds, wide open tundra and friendly inuit people. nunavik qubec (canadian province) kangiqsujuaq quebec (location) pingualuit crater pingualuit national park tourist destination tourism (interest) canada (country) adventures north tv adventures north productions steve macinnis inuit adventures nunavik toursim association tourisme quebec adventure (tv genre)
come home to the cypress hills destination area we go home by adam cohen courtesy of rezolute music/universal music canada buy the album   think saskatchewan is boring and flat?  think again!  thirty minutes south of the trans canada highway you'll discover a saskatchewan you wouldn't expect. with the same elevation as banff townsite, the cypress hills are a wonderous place to play, stay, and dine no matter what your age or where your interests lie.    more than just the cypress hills, the cypress hills destination area includes a national park, a national historic site, towns, dinosaurs, museums, festivals, events, music, art and everything in between!  take time to explore the cypress hills destination area.  saskatchewan exploresask cypress hills grasslands national park (protected site) cypress hills interprovincial park (protected site) adam cohen (musical artist) canada tourist destination fort walsh (listed site) tourism (interest) maple creek (city/town/village) gull lake (city/town/village) eastend (city/town/village) trex discovery centre frenchman river gospel jamboree first nations (ethnicity)
knight inlet lodge bear viewing vlog (british columbia, canada) a tour and review of knight inlet lodge, british columbia, canada which offers bear viewing from spring (end-may) to the end of the salmon season (november). for more details visit   i visited as a guest of knight inlet lodge, destination british columbia and destination canada as part of the #explorecanada spring watch:  travel vacation tips travellers traveler tips for travellers knight inlet (location) adventure british columbia (canadian province) tourist destination canada (country) tourism (interest) bear nature knight inlet lodge grizzly bear knight inlet knights inlet knight inlet bc bear watching canada bear watching british columbia inlet lodge knights inlet british col knight inlet lodge canada british columbia bear
zipzone adventure park in peachland bc! come experience the thrill at zipzone adventure park!   located at 5875 brenda mines rd, peachland, bc  canada zipline zipzone peachland (city/town/village) tourism (interest) adventure british columbia (canadian province) canada (country)
green lake (whistler) green lake is the largest and most northerly lake in the resort municipality of whistler, british columbia, canada. it is the source of the green river, a tributary of the lillooet river, and is fed by the river of golden dreams, which issues from alta lake, which is at the height of land dividing the green river drainage from that of the cheakamus river to the south, which is a tributary of the squamish river. also feeding green lake are fitzsimmons creek, which originates in the valley above whistler village between blackcomb and whistler mountains, and rainbow creek, which descends from rainbow mountain via the alpine meadows subdivision. a former minor ski hill, rainbow , is located midway between alpine meadows and emerald estates near the lake's western extremity.  the whistler neighbourhoods of alpine meadows and emerald estates are located on the lake's southwestern and northwestern shores, respectively. the ghost town of parkhurst (aka green river, though that is a rail stop at the outlet of green lake about 1km north), known locally but incorrectly as soo valley (the soo valley is nearby but in a different drainage), was based around a lumber mill on a point on the east shore of the lake at its narrowest point, opposite emerald estates; the porch of the old main building was the location of a locally famous group nude photo by squatter residents of the area in the 1970s, many of them now figures in the whistler establishment.  green lake is 633 m in elevation and is approximately 1.2 km in length and averages about 650 m in width with an area in the range of 2.2 km.  green lake also serves as whistler airport (airport code yws), a waterdrome. description whistler (city/town/village) green lake (lake) lake (geographical feature category) tourist destination tourism (interest) canoeing (sport)
peyto lake, banff national park, canadian rockies, alberta, canada peyto lake is located in banff national park near bow summit approximately 38km north of lake louise on the icefields parkway.  the lake itself is easily accessed from the icefields parkway. it was named for bill peyto, an early trail guide and trapper in the banff area.  glacial lakes have that beautiful turquoise color due to fine grained glacial silt suspended in the water. the silt tends to refract the blue-green spectra of the sun's white light. peyto lake (lake) banff national park (protected site) alberta's rockies (location) canada peyto lake lake attraction mountain canadian rockies (mountain range) travel trip vacation beautiful pretty look out banff attraction national park (iucn category) tourism (interest)
four historical manitoba  churches many of churches and cathedrals are museums  in their own right, they house  fantastic examples of craftsmanship and works of art. additionally, the buildings   are impressive. although architectural styles are varied from place to place, building to building, one can only marvel at their  magnificence and grandeur. music  silver blue light  -  kevin macleod (  ) licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0  1. knox presbyterian church, neepawa mb. canada    is an imposing stone and brick structure constructed in neepawa in 1892  situated on a corner lot adjacent to two other churches   2.st. james anglican church - neepawa mb canada was built in 1897    3.holy ghost ukrainian catholic church. sandy lake mb. canada  built in 1937,   4.st. michael's ukrainian greek orthodox church sandy lake mb. canada 1933 knox presbyterian holy ghost ukrainian catholic church church worship (taxonomy subject) byzantine st. james anglican church sandy lake. canada neepawa mb canada magnificent splendor architecture (professional field) craftmanship manitoba (canadian province) religion (tv genre) history days documentary old culture church (project focus) museum tourist destination historic site tourism (interest) historical churches manitoba canada
bow river canoeing lake louise to castle junction banff national park canoeing with the bow waters canoe club. still shots taken every 30s with a gopro. banff national park. the river section starting at the lake louise train station to castle junction takeoff. castle junction tourist destination lake louise (city/town/village) bow river (river) river tourism (interest) park national park (iucn category) banff national park (protected site) canoeing (sport) water mountain canoe (ship type) canoeing
a97 - oliver -  bc oliver is a town at the south end of the okanagan valley in the southern interior of british columbia, canada, with a population of over 4,000 people. it is located between osoyoos and okanagan falls, and is labeled as the wine capital of canada by tourism british columbia. local industries include grape and fruit production, agri-tourism, wine production, ranching, golfing & recreation, retail & service trades. british columbia (canadian province) tourist destination oliver (city/town/village) tourism (interest)
steering into hermitage cove, newfoundland  newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) canada (country) newfoundland (geographical feature) dominion of newfoundland (country) ferry (industry) outport rural nl nl nfld tourism (interest) ride hermitage scenery rugged atlantic ocean (body of water) atlantic canada (location)
achray algonquin scenic high falls portage algonguin park, achray, grand lake to carcajou bay (karkishoo) to the other high falls and back, august 2015  foscam 1080p action camera, wondershare filmora editing  disclaimer: i do not own any of this music, nor am i making a profit off of the music   pantera - planet caravan cover   porcupine tree - trains  porcupine tree - lazarus     algonquin provincial park (protected site) tourist destination tourism (interest) river water foscam action camera achray ontario grand lake (lake) water falls porcupine tree black sabbath (musical group) pantera (musical group) canoe trip kayaking (sport) quality other foscam 1080p action camera ontario canada (country) foscam 1080p summer vacation wondershare filmora carcajou bay karkishoo planet caravan (composition) nature (tv genre)
georgian bay float plane ride float plane ride from henry's restaurant on georgian bay, just south-west of parry sound, ontario. our one hour spin took us from henry's south towards honey harbour, back northward to the snug harbour area and then back for a bumpy landing at henry's restaurant.   what a hoot! i hope to do this same trip in the summer of 2011, complete with my new wide angle lens for the video camera.   part of our georgian bay holidays aboard our sea ray 400 sedan bridge that we had just bought and drove up from lake st. clair in michigan.   - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' float plane sea ray frank sinatra plane ride georgian bay boating cruise boat tourist destination bay (geographical feature category) sea ray (business operation) tourism (interest)
the st-lawrence river the saint lawrence river (french: fleuve saint-laurent; tuscarora: kahnawkye;[3] mohawk: kaniatarowanenneh, meaning "big waterway") is a large river flowing approximately from southwest to northeast in the middle latitudes of north america, connecting the great lakes with the atlantic ocean. it is the primary drainage conveyor of the great lakes basin. the river traverses the canadian provinces of quebec and ontario and forms part of the international boundary between ontario, canada, and new york state in the united states. this geographic entity is coterminous with the commercial saint lawrence seaway saint lawrence river (river) the st-lawrence river river (geographical feature category) tourist destination tourism (interest)
front yard little pond and flowers, and back yard larger ponds too my flowers and ponds,  big koi too, all here in alberta canada.  my hand cobbled walk ways beside the pond and in the garden, that i did myself. little pond pond (geographical feature category) backyard yard garden flower fish koi goldfish
kayaking in the 1000 islands ontario - thousand islands canada we went kayaking in the 1000 islands, starting from gananoque, ontario, canada. we took a tour with 1000 islands kayaking. we kayaked around many inaccessible places in the thousand islands region, including half moon bay and a shipwreck. we saw many birds and turtles. it was an awesome day spent outdoors!  subscribe to our channel:    visit our travel blog:    follow justin plus lauren! like us on facebook:  follow us on twitter:  watch our snapchats:  follow us on instagram:  check us out on pinterest:  thousand islands (island group) island (geographical feature category) tourist destination tourism (interest) kayaking (sport) canada (country) ontario (canadian province) half moon bay shipwreck kayak tour ecotourism nature
athabasca falls, jasper, icefield parkway, alberta athabasca falls is a waterfall in jasper national park on the upper athabasca river, approximately 30 kilometres south of the townsite of jasper, alberta, canada, and just west of the icefields parkway.  the 23-metre athabasca falls is not very high by canadian rockies standards, but the size of the river makes it one of the most powerful falls to be found in the mountain national parks.   highway 93 jasper national park, jaser, ab t0e 1e0 jasper (city/town/village) athabasca falls (waterfall) icefields parkway (tourist attraction) canada tour travel attraction vacation falls fall amazing nature adventure destination banff jasper lake louise icefield jasper national park (protected site) tourism (interest) waterfall (geographical feature category) alberta (canadian province) banff attraction
kayaking "the bahamas" at arrow lake for more about our trip click the link below (bloglog) maps, locations info, etc..   awesome kayaking & hotspringing weekend in the kootenay area of british columbia.  bloglog:   logdate: aug31st2014 more at:     kayaking okanagan valley bc canada kayak bahamas baha sandbar sand sandy beach houseboat boat lake driftwood water beach river island row drama arrow lakes (body of water) tourist destination tourism (interest) bahamas (country)
1000 islands boat tour in gananoque, kingston ontario canada 1000 islands boat tour in gananoque, bold castle, kingston ontario canada.  the thousand islands constitute an archipelago of 1,864 islands that straddles the canada-u.s. border in the saint lawrence river as it emerges from the northeast corner of lake ontario. 1000 islands boat tour in kingston ontario canada gananoque thousand island boats bold castle ocean sailing cruise thousand islands parkway tourism (interest) cruise ship (transit vehicle type)
be active in fernie b.c. from trails to rivers, there's mountains of adventure to explore in fernie. the sky is the limit. british columbia (canadian province) fernie (city/town/village) canada (country) tourist destination tourism (interest) running (sport) hiking (sport) biking downhill mountain biking (sport) mtb standup paddleboarding (sport) paragliding (sport) walking (sport) trails mountain biking (interest) bike ride riding bicycle cycling (interest) trail rocky mountains (mountain range) british columbia interior (location) kootenays (location) elk river (river)
acr tour of the line - a canadian odyssey [hd] march 2015 was an uncertain time for the agawa canyon 'tour of the line' train. this uncertainty prompted a group of friends to head north and catch a ride on the train for one last time. in this video, you'll see the highlights of the northbound trek from sault ste. marie to hearst, ontario.   more information coming soon. watch in hd for the best viewing experience!  mountain folk (acoustic guitar) courtesy of ryerson university's royalty free music library. canada (country) agawa canyon (location) algoma central railway (business operation) canadian national railway company (business operation) ontario (canadian province) railroad train tour of the line sightseeing scenery scenic wilderness locomotive railfan (hobby) high-definition video (film format) canon eos 7d (digital camera) snow winter canadiana travel adventure nature tourism (interest) rail transport (industry) destination culture trains landmark
komatik sled adventures with pete ,walk around a komatik sled, a sled the northern people take out in the winter months on snow in nunavut,whale cove , getting pulled by a snowmachine  adventures with pete pete is a puppet that is traveling around and given video tour of place he has seen , set back and watch the show :)  all video and music were made with imovie  recorded  with the gopro 4 silver edition adventures with pete pete adventure sled (product category) komatik sled komatik northern winter months nunavut snowmachine whale cove whale cove nunavut (city/town/village) puppet traveling video tour travel snow culture winter tourism (interest)
"it's cold outside" (original) happy hour prince albert winter festival 2015 prince albert, saskatchewan thatconradguy big drum media prince albert winter festival pa winterfest votn cabaret voices of the north cabaret 2015 votn musqua entertainment sheryl kimbley shauna sayese trina joseph 'its cold outside' snow original
northern gannet, cape saint mary's ecological reserve, newfoundland and labrador, canada cape st. mary's ecological reserve (known as "the cape") is one of newfoundland and labrador's major seabird colonies. during the breeding season, it's home to a large colony of northern gannets (approximately 24,000).     i've visited "the cape" often with my still and/or my video camera, and what draws me back is the easy walking access to view these spectacular birds as close as ten meters away. bird rock is reached by a one-kilometer path, through grass and wildflower meadows that top steep cliffs.    most of the gannet colony make their nests on "bird rock" a tall sandstone stack that is separated from the viewing area by a chasm only a few meters wide. the gannets' courtship, nesting, and feeding behaviors are easily observed from the natural, cliff-top viewing area.    the visitor center is a much-needed addition to "the cape". this footage was captured in july of 2008. bird ptotography birders birding spots cape st. mary's wildlife seabird gannets meadow colony canada park birdwatching northern gannet (organism classification) birds newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) outdoor recreation (interest) bird colony nesting tourism (interest) walking (sport) birdwatching (interest)
on the coastal trail of pukaskwa national park dave and deb of theplanetd hike the epic pukaskwa coastal trail ---------- subscribe for adventure!   --------- the pukaskwa coastal hike is one of the toughest hikes in canada but also one of the most beautiful. trekking along the coast of lake superior is a trip you will never forget. outstanding views, tough challenges, beautiful scenery and an amazing time. we spent 7 days in pukaskwa national park and here are the highlights of our time camping and hiking along one of canada's most famous and remote trails. guiding by   in partnership with    theplanetd social channels facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  the blog:  music by youtube audio library if you like our adventures why not share them with your friends or family for more adventures visit theplanetd.com  ------------- video transcript woah, nice dave take your time,  we're good to go my favourite part of the pukaskwa hike, would have to be any of the coastal sections i think that was really, i can't really define it into one section, but i really enjoyed scrambling over the boulders, taking in those beautiful views of lake superior.  and also, the challenge of it as well, you know it's a challenge to sort of navigate all these slick boulders, with a pack on.  so the challenge, combined with the beautiful views, and the stunning landscape really made it the perfect thing for me.  hiking the pukaskwa coastal trail, here in canada, is one of the top experiences of trekking, that dave and i have ever had.   it was really fun being with our guide brenden. he really took care of us. he just made it easier and a lot more fun. he was always keeping us really occupied during the day, you could tell that he could feel when our energy was getting low.  so we'd start playing games with us, and stuff to keep our mind off of the pain in our feet.  and it was just a really good time to really see what you're made of and the challenges of being out there, not showering for 7 days, sleeping in the rain, and putting up your tent and carrying your pack.  it's really one of the toughest things that i've done but also the most rewarding.  and honestly, one of the best times i've had out in nature.  i don't know if this is foot therapy or foot torture.  favourite part of the pukaskwa trail, would probably have to be each night when we'd get to camp, finish making dinner, cleaning everything up.  we'd have half an hour to an hour we were pretty early to bed.  of just sitting there whether it was taking some pictures of the sunset, or just kind of relaxing, winding down for the night.  i really enjoyed that time with the exception of one night, every night was a beautiful evening.  that was definitely my favourite section.  i had a few favourite parts of the pukaskwa coastal trail. i really enjoyed, walking inland through the forest, i loved the mossy section, i loved the trails, but i also really loved going on the coastal trail and being really high on the cliffs, and overlooking lake superior.  it was pretty spectacular.  yeah well, we had to sign into the guest book that we were here.  dave, deb and brenden, ontario canada. north swallow out to haddie cove.  we made it, we did it!  so if you get a chance to hike the pukaskwa trail here in ontario canada, do it! might be a bit of a rough boat ride today. pukaskwa national park (protected site) national park (iucn category) tourist destination tourism (interest) hiking trekking pole (product category) lake superior (lake) lakes camping (literature subject) ontario canada climbing beaches sunset beach trail toronto the planet d theplanetd dave and deb dave bouskill travel (tv genre) vacation (quotation subject) great lakes (body of water) canyon
hat creek ranch hat creek ranch is a historic site from the 1870s located in beautiful british columbia.  hat creek ranch offers you a rare opportunity to relive and explore the original buildings used by the gold rush travelers of the 1860s. this video captures many of the activities, historic buildings, sites, scenery, artifacts and experiences that guests can expect when visiting hat creek ranch. come and experience one of the most distinctive heritage sites in british columbia! mastermind studios video production canada hat creek ranch british columbia (canadian province) kamloops (city/town/village) history historic historic site gold rush travelers artifacts tourists tourism (interest) europeans
wabamun lake adventures my very first vlog! my friends and i had lunch at bul go gi house and went to wabamun lake afterwards.   music: comfort by morganlikesmusic  buy this music at:    instagram:  wabamun lake (lake) tourist destination tourism (interest) vlog video vlog video blog (website category)
river safari at blue river bc canada black bear sighting - river safari at blue river bc canada  september 22, 2014 - 9.30 am black bear sighting river safari blue river british columbia canada clearwater valemount discover canada tours boat tour waterfall lake vancouver water tourism (interest) fog sunrise dawn mud mud lake
chilcotin lodge the beautiful authentic chilcotin lodge. near highway 20 from williams lake to bella coola. located in the beautiful chilcotin grasslands. the place to enjoy all the beautiful landscapes and scenery of the chilcotin plateau. chilcotin lodge tourist destination tourism (interest) highway 20 (road)
sit back sundays gopro boat cruise - fenelon river downbound leaving our berth along the upper side of the fenelon falls lock (lock #34) and heading into the lock chamber. moving downward, we continue on, downstream along the fenelon river towards sturgeon lake.   sorry for the colour being off, but even though it was an overcast morning, the sky was still really bright & i think that threw the gopro camera off a bit.    the trent severn waterway is located in ontario, canada. this 240 mile long series of interconnected lakes, rivers and man-mad canals allow boaters to travel from lake ontario in the south-east (at trenton, ontario) all the way to lake huron (georgian bay) in the north-west (at port severn, ontario). and yes, all points in between are beautiful!  captured with gopro hero2 in suction cup mount.  filmed: july, 2014.  location of this video: 44.53655 -78.74046  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun fenelon river tourist destination river (geographical feature category) trent severn waterway gopro tourism (interest)
beautiful british columbia my very brief video of my sight seeing in bc. featuring spots like alouette lake, joffre lakes, manning park, and whistler blackcomb. british columbia (canadian province) tourist destination tourism (interest) canada mountains vancouver ontario beautiful blackcomb peak (mountain)
river rafting in radium bc with kootenay river runners the "eh team" of canada visit radium hot springs, british columbia, canada and go river rafting with kootenay river runners. rafting (sport) river (geographical feature category) radium hot springs (city/town/village) kootenays (location) kootenay river (river) british columbia (canadian province) canada (country) tourism (interest)
sunshine houseboating on lake koocanusa   houseboating on lake koocanusa in the kootenays, bc, canada with sunshine houseboat vacations near cranbrook, bc, canada. the "eh team" of ehcanadatravel.com explore beaches, wildlife and wilderness scenery. lake koocanusa (lake) lake (geographical feature category) tourist destination tourism (interest) kootenays (location) cranbrook (city/town/village) british columbia (canadian province) canada (country) houseboating
mabel lake marina - turning on the lights august 13, 2014 - turning on the lights for the first time, on the new 260 slip, floating concrete marina.   the new mabel lake marina and pier. mabel lake mabel lake resort bc mabel lake resort and airpark mabel lake marina lake (geographical feature category) okanagan bc north okanagan boating tourist destination resort (industry) tourism (interest) water kayaking (sport) mabel lake golf and country club
1000 reasons to live in gananoque, ontario gananoque and the 1000 islands is simply the best place to live!  centrally located between toronto, ottawa and montreal, discover the many reasons why we believe gananoque an amazing place to live, work and play! gananoque (city/town/village) 1000 islands tourism (interest) culture (website category) cycling (interest) hiking (sport) hockey (sport) community (website category) kayaking (sport)
nk'mip desert cultural center - okanagan nation, osoyoos b.c. nk'mip  (inka-meep) desert cultural center in osoyoos, british columbia canada proudly displays the okanagan people and the traditional ways of life in the thier past. --- shot & cut by walter b. shepherd tangible images 2015 all rights reserved tyj tourist destination museum (building function) tourism (interest) culture (website category) okanagan nation alliance osoyoos (city/town/village) british columbia (canadian province) nk'mip desert cultural centre (location) canada history
leslie lake, ontario... private lake private 40 acre lake on either 320 or 800 acres of land. 1 hour drive to sault ste marie and the us border. 10 minutes to bruce mines. lake is full of small mouth bass and about 60' deep. taxes are $400 a year. price $1,300,000. private lake canadian real estate waterfront sault ste marie bruce mines cottage property
wildcat island natural area, alberta paddling the bow river a picnic site on wildcat island natural area paddling from ghost dam to cochrane with the bow waters canoe club on the bow river. bow river (river) river (geographical feature category) alberta (canadian province) paddling tourist destination water island tourism (interest) drama canada park
a3 - osoyoos - bc osoyoos is a town in the southern part of the okanagan valley in british columbia near the border with washington state, between penticton and omak. the towns population of 4,845 swells in the summer months with visitors from elsewhere in british columbia and neighboring alberta, as well as elsewhere in canada. osoyoos (city/town/village) british columbia (canadian province) tourist destination tourism (interest) canada (country)
patrimoine immatriel: la peche la ville de montmagny est fire de mettre en valeur les traditions qui ont marqu l'histoire et les murs de la rgion. cinq lments du patrimoine immatriel magnymontois ont t identifis, soit la pratique de l'accordon, la fabrication artisanale d'accordons, la pche  l'esturgeon et au bar ray, la chasse  la sauvagine et la navigation en canot  glace.  le patrimoine immatriel est constitu de savoirs et de savoir-faire transmis de gnration en gnration qu'une communaut ou un groupe reconnat comme faisant partie de son patrimoine culturel et dont la connaissance, la sauvegarde, la transmission ou la mise en valeur prsente un intrt public. montmagny patrimoine immatriel pche  l'esturgeon pche au bar ray tourism (interest) tourist destination
maligne canyon jasper national park - video tour there are many things to do in jasper national park. of all the natural wonders to see and things to do maligne canyon is a must see site in jasper. maligne canyon is a natural feature located in the rocky mountains of jasper national park near the town of jasper, alberta, canada. maligne canyon eroded out of the palliser formation. the canyon measures over 50 metres (160 ft) deep. maligne canyon is a popular sightseeing and exploration spot. the area contains waterfalls, stream outlets, rare birds and unique plant life that has adapted to survive in the canyons conditions.  music: fire and the flood by vance joy maligne canyon jasper national park national park (iucn category) tourist destination mountain tourism (interest) canyon mountains climbing hiking trail lake alberta travel travel alberta canada (country) vance joy music vance joy fire and the flood fire and the flood song explore alberta explore nature adventure (tv genre) things to do in jasper
nova scotia: halifax - annapolis valley - peggy's cove the first part of my maritime trilogy. we begin in halifax and then visit the wine region of nova scotia's annapolis valley. finally we visit the beautiful but potentially treacherous peggy's cove. halifax regional municipality (city/town/village) nova scotia (canadian province) peggys cove (location) tourist destination canada (country) lighthouse (building function) 4k wine luckett vineyard gaspereau valley tourism (interest) the maritimes (location)
la peche au bar raye la ville de montmagny est fire de mettre en valeur les traditions qui ont marqu l'histoire et les murs de la rgion. cinq lments du patrimoine immatriel magnymontois ont t identifis, soit la pratique de l'accordon, la fabrication artisanale d'accordons, la pche  l'esturgeon et au bar ray, la chasse  la sauvagine et la navigation en canot  glace.  le patrimoine immatriel est constitu de savoirs et de savoir-faire transmis de gnration en gnration qu'une communaut ou un groupe reconnat comme faisant partie de son patrimoine culturel et dont la connaissance, la sauvegarde, la transmission ou la mise en valeur prsente un intrt public. montmagny (city/town/village) patrimoine immatriel tourism (interest) tourist destination pche au bar ray
scenes from iqaluit, nunavut - toonik tyme ice carving contest 2012 when only one of the professional carvers showed up for the toonik tyme 2012 ice carving competition, casey lessard volunteered to make a block of ice into a narwhal. when the tusk broke off, casey improvised! shot by casey lessard and anjhela michielsen. iqaluit nunavut ice carving toonik tyme casey lessard anjhela michielsen emily ridlington canadian north canada arctic inuksuk inuit
#626 throwback thursday cn kitsumkalum 1976  2015-11- 26 i've been posting an occasional throwback thursday photo to a facebook page to which i belong. this time i'm throwing in a short video. the quality is terrible, as the original video (and camera) were also terrible. when i got this film back from the developer (in 1976) i realised i was wasting my money on film!  the subject is following a short extra movement to get ballast from the kitsumkalum pit, west of terrace, bc. the caboose is necessary because the move is beyond the yard limits at terrace.  if you go to google, select maps and paste in 54.52995 -128.65980 you'll see the exact location of this video.  recorded with a bell and howell 8mm film camera of dubious heritage. edited and produced using cyberlink powerdirector 14 ultra.   this video and audio material may not be reproduced in any form (except as an embedded video on any other website), without written permission. abbotsford cp canada pacific lower skeenapac sub amtrak rail railway british columbia surrey delta scale railroad trains cn translink mission west coast express railway bnsf langley port rail_link rocky_mountaineer railfan canadian pratt powerdirector 15 yale vancouver maple ridge agassiz freight bc train sry garden locomotive pitt meadows skeena steam national cascade via mainland new_westminster passenger model
big bar ranch horseback riding travel writer nancy d. brown   goes horseback riding at big bar guest ranch in the chilcotin cariboo section of british columbia. this canadian horseback riding holiday in clinton is situated on a 104 acre dude ranch next to the 1,500 acre ok ranch. flipshare youtube video horseback riding dude ranch guest ranch big bar guest ranch nancy d. brown  horseback holiday chilcotin cariboo british columbia canada canadian clinton ranch ok ranch flint bondurant nancy brown horses outdoors
neidpath, saskatchewan the wind is not as ferocious as it sounds to the camera this sunday morning in quiet neidpath. neidpath saskatchewan canada small towns ghost tourism travel safe clean rural canadian pacific railway
chioceland, saskatchewan oh, the rain, the wind on this late july morning in the wet summer of 2011 in east-central saskatchewan. choiceland saskatchewan canada tourism travel safe clean clear rural small towns warm summer days canadian pa
august 2014 canoe trip to harcus strachan lake six of us headed out on a wilderness paddling trip in northern manitoba to commemorate harcus strachan, a veteran of wwi and wwii. strachan was the only member of the fort garry horse to receive a victoria cross. a lake in manitoba has been named after him. we built a cairn and placed an engraved aluminum plaque in his honour on the shore of the newly named strachan lake.  #howiremember #howiremember victroria cross victoria cross (award category) vc fort garry fort garry horse canadian military canadian military canoe canoe trip memorial canada
ghost lake ice riding a day of motorcycle ice riding on ghost lake alberta motorcycle ice studs riding frozen alberta canada rockies ghost lake honda xr250r fournier tires canadian d7000 nikon nikon d7000 (digital camera)
raw throwaway skateboarding + bails n fails w/ manitoba homies my two good skate homies kendrick weibe n nate friesen came all the way from manitoba to alberta to skate in lloyd with the our local homies and visit family. so we made an edit and this is the throwaway footage/bails we filmed during the week they were here. stay tuned for the real edit!!  follow my facebook group! (lloydminster & area skateboarding)     steezily fs feeble bs 180 out,switch heelflip,nollie, canada, canada heelflip,bigspin flip,varial heelflip,,kickflip noeslide,varial heelflip manual,ollie ,360 flip-bs ollie transfer -varial heelflip-kickflip manual -primoslide,ollie x3 -method-melon,how to shove-it, kickflip, sony vegas 8.0 trial tutorial and heelflip...how to ollie skateing skateboarding nollie skateboarder tony hawk tricks tips heelflip kickflip shoveit, halfpipe-rocktofakie/tailstall/bail kickflip gap triple kickflip kickflip 5 set bomb drop off porter potty 360 flip impossible/fs lip ollie over david fine double 360 flip 50-50 guard rail and triple heelflip - halfcab late bf heelflip attempt. did a halfcab airwalk no-hand ^^ - 360 feather flip - geratatet down a 3 set - bs boardslide, fakie 540 bigspin flip - ollie down a 4 set - ollie to manual, shove-it out - bigflip - varial thunderflip ( aka toe flip ) - ollie to manual to ollie to manual, shove-it out - fs shove-it late fronfoot fs varial underflip - 540 flip - kickflip to manual - 540 alpha flip, shove-it, 360 flip, kickflip, heelflip, some no-comply grab thing - heelflip, 360 flip, kickflip, shove-it, fs no-comply, fakie fs bigspin, shove-it, hospital flip - nollie shove-it to manual - pop shove-it to rock to fakie - pop shove-it down a drop - some no-comply thing - nocu - 1/2 flip to casper (x2) - reemo to primo ^^ - alpha flip, fakie fs shove-it, 1/2 flip to casper, shove-it - ollie late flip - weird pressure flip - manual flip out - ollie transfert - nollie inward heelflip, shove-it, no-comply stuff - ollie late fs 36 underflip - pop shove-it late flip - geratatet down the drop - pf dtd - treflip dtd - impossible dtd - hospital flip dtd - bigflip - ollie late flip - geratatet to manual - ollie to nosemanual, nollie 36 shove-it out - ollie indy to manual - blunt to bs 50-50 - fs 50-50 fs bigspin out - blunt to early nosegrab to fakie - ollie back to pivot, feather flip - bs antibigspin, calfwrap - bubble flip - nosemanual to shove-it to manual, ollie out - pop shove-it tailgrab dtd tony hawk, andrew reynolds, bam margera, bob burnquist, daewon song, mat hoffman, mike vallely, paul rodriguez, rick thorne, rodney mullen, ryan scheckler, stevie williams, tony alva, tony trujillo tony alva -bob burnquist -mat hoffman -bam margera -rodney mullen -andrew reynolds -paul rodriguez -ryan sheckler -daewon song -rick thorne -tony trujillo -mike vallely -stevie williams -tony hawk nollie 360 shove-it, pressure flip, nollie bacside 360, pressure 1/2 flip late 1/2 heelflip, switch impossible, impossible, switch 360 kiwiflip, front foot impossible, nollie back foot impossible, nollie big spin, kickflip, heelflip, nollie impossible, pressure hardflip, switch fs big spin, shove-it to nose shove-it, double kickflip, switch impossible body varial, switch fs big spin switch pressure varial flip revert, nollie pressure hardflip, hospital flip, halfcab one-foot, nollie pressure flip, 1/2 kickflip late 1/2 heelflip, switch 360 shove-it, 360 shove-it, pressure varial flip, bs 180 heel-side pressure flip, nollie 360 kiwiflip, 360 flip, varial flip, bubble, shove-it underflip, shove-it double underflip, old-school kickflip, switch pressure varial flip, switch front foot impossible, fakie ollie back foot impossible, bubble flip, nollie fs 360, fakie pressure hardflip, pressure flip late flip, featherflip, switch 360  pivot, cannibal flip, switch fs toe-side pressure flip, switch flip, nollie 540 big spin, shove-it pivot, fakie impossible, switch shove-it underflip body varial, 360 underflip, front foot 1 1/2 impossible, 1 1/2 kickback trailer motala kickflip sweden skate skateboard skejt bail ramp kickflip heelflip 180 360 flip mullen miniramp 360flip skatevid skatevideo bail higest ollie longest invard bs 108 fs grind nose manual video jumping from crazy not skate skiing ski snowboard skateboard kickflip sweden skate skateboard skejt bail ramp kickflip heelflip 180 360 flip mullen miniramp 360flip skatevid skatevideo music video guitar how to play lesson bail higest ollie longest invard bs 108 fs grind nose manual manual trick pretty sick man, really clean for your first one. good job and good video! lets see some more videos of when you have it down every try? nice video, skating, and filming skate boarding skateboarding skateboard board sk8boarding skating town port hardy porthardy day daytage montage kickflip heelflip hardflip hard heel kick frontside backside front back 360 180 540 720 1080 900 inward inwardheel laser lazer laserflip tre 360kicklip 360flip pressure nollie switch ryan sheckler shecks p-rod rod planb real fake funny crazy huge ollie 5050 50-50 five-o five-0 grind crook skatpark plaza vancouver island british columbia canda goskate go day goskateday
our lady of lourdes grotto - sudbury, ontario, canada - gopro hero 4 hey guys! thank you for watching my video, if you want to see more, please and make sure to subscribe to my channel :)  and also share my videos, and use my #hashtag with it :d   if you guys wanna follow me on social media, go right ahead, i have links posted up on my channel page for you guys to check out.   thank you, and have a nice day :d travel nature canada outdoors gopro hero4 animal pj patrakka travelling road trips summer winter walks living sub4sub instagram twitter facebook social canadian ontario sudbury lourdes (city/town/village) greater sudbury (city/town/village) grotto our lady of lourdes camera beautiful toronto vancouver montreal adventure check future romeo culture destination vancouver island (geographical feature) bell park science north
kuroki, saskatchewan it's a dull, cold overcast day that does lovely kuroki no justice.. kuroki saskatchewan canada canadian national railways northern railway small towns tourism travel safe
love, saskatchewan, revisited return to love in saskatchewan. love saskatchewan canada tourism travel safe clean clear rural small towns warm summer days canadian pacific
white fox, saskatchewan the afternoon looks hopeful of sunny breaks on an otherwise dreary wednesday in east-central saskatchewan. white fox saskatchewan canada tourism travel safe clean clear rural small towns warm summer days canadian pac
port huron float down 2014 - real usa ep. 112 reloaded the port huron float down has been happening every third sunday in august on the st. clair river in port huron, michigan for decades! some claim it started in the 1970's and others say it began back in the 1960's. whatever the case, it has taken on a life of its own from the days when a few people got together and floated down the river before summer came to an end. today the port huron float down is a huge event that attracts somewhere on the order of 100,000 visitors to the city both as participants and spectators. even our canadian neighbors in sarnia, ontario came out to watch the vast parade of people willing to brave the cold water and rapid current.   donate to the real united states video blog:    stay connected! facebook page:  twitter:  google+  website:  see (most) all video locations marked on google maps:   exact location of video: latitude: 42.99981 longitude: -82.42458 port huron float down st. clair river tubing con bro chill party real american america united states usa estados unidos    paul d q campbell beverly campbell michigan united states of america (country)
9 view drive,  pine lake alberta this is it!! the perfect year round residence on the west side of pine lake. located just 25 minutes east of red deer and 90 minutes from calgary. nestled away in a quiet close of just eleven waterfront and waterback private cottages with mature parklike landscaping and lake front access. a short walk up the hill to an 18 hole golf course and lakefront restaurant/lounge. the bungalow home features a real cottage feel with cedar siding and a steady flow of sunshine through the well designed window layout. four large bedrooms, three bath, garden door to an extra sunroom, built in black appliances, professionally developed lower level with in floor heat, beautiful east facing deck off the ktichen, fabulous landscaped yard, and large double 24x28 garage. this property has been very well maintained and the vendors are sad to leave. the price is right...so hurry and view it today! pine lake real estate  9 view drive alberta  dusty smith team sutton group
killbear provincial park killbear provincial park located just outside parry sound ontario on the shores of georgian bay. canadian park camping review. canadian camping park video reviews
alouette lake august 2015 5 day boating camping trip to the top of alouette lake, maple ridge, bc canada alouette lake (lake) alouette boating boat maple ridge maple ridge boomer canadiancouple canadian couple
[hd] wintery blast of canadian national here's a cn mixed freight roaring westbound through horwood lake road with an amazing lashup and great crew. the complete snow whiteout gives this a great effect.   shot at mile 132.92, ruel subdivision.    enjoy! canadian national cn railway canada bc rail 4616 2290 es44dc k5lla horn mixed freight train
blue lake ontario blue lake is a park located in northern ontario near kenora. the water is clear, and there is lots of awesomeness everywhere.  instagram:  blue lake provincial park ontario kenora kneeboading mountain biking tubing cliff jumping blue lake provincial park jump clear snorkeling jet ski ducks crayfish water canadian shield fen blueberries summer july beach boardwalk fire camping tent canada thunder bay fish boat bay bmx fluid kayak whiteshell dryden
canadian dashcam - battleford to north battleford, saskatchewan driving between the battlefords dash cam dashcam canada canadian sask saskatchewan battleford north battleford the battlefords 2013 centennial centenary driving gmc sierra truck roads potholes bcmi
red fox red fox... renard roux... in captivity at zoo falardeau, northern quebec, canada... red fox renard roux red fox renard roux zoo falardeau in captivity canadian zoo de falardeau
rmr: rick at crashed ice rick skates down the streets of old quebec city at the red bull crashed ice championship. rmr rick mercer report rick mercer rick mercer report mercer report canada canadian cbc television comedy satire politics political politicians quebec city quebec quebec city crashed ice red bull crashed ice red bull crashed ice skate skating hill hills race fast obstacles
waterfront home in sudbury - long lake gem! paul kusnierczyk 705-688-2721 or kim kusnierczyk 705-691-2721 paulkusnierczyk@royallepage.ca video tour by    1400 sq.ft. bungalow at 1032 moxam landing sudbury, on a charming bungalow nestled in amongst sprawling pine and birch trees on moxam landing next to the water's edge on beautiful long lake.  the lifestyle you've been dreaming of with this 1400 sq.ft. home.  gorgeous landscaping throughout the yard complete with pond and a gentle slope to the sandy bottom shoreline and 55 ft dock.  enjoy the open concept living and kitchen area, spacious yet cozy with a propane fireplace in the sunken living room.  lots of kitchen cupboard and countertop areas great for entertaining friends and family any time of the year and all the appliances are included.  enjoy your spectacular lake views out the patio doors in the living room or have coffee with a close friend in the screened in porch off the deck.  the cathedral ceiling adds to the spaciousness of the open concept living area.    the home has 3 bedrooms and 1 1/2 baths, the master bedroom with ensuite also has the feature of patio doors to the screened in porch giving a retreat feel to this home.  peaceful and relaxing on long lake.   call for a private viewing and imagine this as your dream home! real estate paul kusnierczyk royal lepage north heritage realty sudbury on long lake moxam landing reeledge productions video tour waterfront
barkerville 2015 fun and games with the canadian paranormal society in barkerville british columbia, quick teaser look at the investigation. full video will be up in a few weeks ghost hunters tcps glen ferguson mike morin troy ryan derrick whiteskycloud ghost town barkerville gold rush investigation tv show chronicles of the unknown 2015 ghosts scary caught haunted real spirit
mach 1 skatepark edit | grand opening | cold lake, alberta edited by the homie jared @  ! this was all filmed on the day cold lake's skatepark officially opened. thanks to jared for filming 98% of this video and editing it all together too, his channel is sick so i suggest you check it out if you liked this edit. please leave a like and subscribe if you wanna see more videos like this!   follow my facebook page! (lloydminster & area skateboarding)   filmed on a gopro by      steezily fs feeble bs 180 out,switch heelflip,nollie, canada, canada heelflip,bigspin flip,varial heelflip,,kickflip noeslide,varial heelflip manual,ollie ,360 flip-bs ollie transfer -varial heelflip-kickflip manual -primoslide,ollie x3 -method-melon,how to shove-it, kickflip, sony vegas 8.0 trial tutorial and heelflip...how to ollie skateing skateboarding nollie skateboarder tony hawk tricks tips heelflip kickflip shoveit, halfpipe-rocktofakie/tailstall/bail kickflip gap triple kickflip kickflip 5 set bomb drop off porter potty 360 flip impossible/fs lip ollie over david fine double 360 flip 50-50 guard rail and triple heelflip - halfcab late bf heelflip attempt. did a halfcab airwalk no-hand ^^ - 360 feather flip - geratatet down a 3 set - bs boardslide, fakie 540 bigspin flip - ollie down a 4 set - ollie to manual, shove-it out - bigflip - varial thunderflip ( aka toe flip ) - ollie to manual to ollie to manual, shove-it out - fs shove-it late fronfoot fs varial underflip - 540 flip - kickflip to manual - 540 alpha flip, shove-it, 360 flip, kickflip, heelflip, some no-comply grab thing - heelflip, 360 flip, kickflip, shove-it, fs no-comply, fakie fs bigspin, shove-it, hospital flip - nollie shove-it to manual - pop shove-it to rock to fakie - pop shove-it down a drop - some no-comply thing - nocu - 1/2 flip to casper (x2) - reemo to primo ^^ - alpha flip, fakie fs shove-it, 1/2 flip to casper, shove-it - ollie late flip - weird pressure flip - manual flip out - ollie transfert - nollie inward heelflip, shove-it, no-comply stuff - ollie late fs 36 underflip - pop shove-it late flip - geratatet down the drop - pf dtd - treflip dtd - impossible dtd - hospital flip dtd - bigflip - ollie late flip - geratatet to manual - ollie to nosemanual, nollie 36 shove-it out - ollie indy to manual - blunt to bs 50-50 - fs 50-50 fs bigspin out - blunt to early nosegrab to fakie - ollie back to pivot, feather flip - bs antibigspin, calfwrap - bubble flip - nosemanual to shove-it to manual, ollie out - pop shove-it tailgrab dtd tony hawk, andrew reynolds, bam margera, bob burnquist, daewon song, mat hoffman, mike vallely, paul rodriguez, rick thorne, rodney mullen, ryan scheckler, stevie williams, tony alva, tony trujillo tony alva -bob burnquist -mat hoffman -bam margera -rodney mullen -andrew reynolds -paul rodriguez -ryan sheckler -daewon song -rick thorne -tony trujillo -mike vallely -stevie williams -tony hawk nollie 360 shove-it, pressure flip, nollie bacside 360, pressure 1/2 flip late 1/2 heelflip, switch impossible, impossible, switch 360 kiwiflip, front foot impossible, nollie back foot impossible, nollie big spin, kickflip, heelflip, nollie impossible, pressure hardflip, switch fs big spin, shove-it to nose shove-it, double kickflip, switch impossible body varial, switch fs big spin switch pressure varial flip revert, nollie pressure hardflip, hospital flip, halfcab one-foot, nollie pressure flip, 1/2 kickflip late 1/2 heelflip, switch 360 shove-it, 360 shove-it, pressure varial flip, bs 180 heel-side pressure flip, nollie 360 kiwiflip, 360 flip, varial flip, bubble, shove-it underflip, shove-it double underflip, old-school kickflip, switch pressure varial flip, switch front foot impossible, fakie ollie back foot impossible, bubble flip, nollie fs 360, fakie pressure hardflip, pressure flip late flip, featherflip, switch 360  pivot, cannibal flip, switch fs toe-side pressure flip, switch flip, nollie 540 big spin, shove-it pivot, fakie impossible, switch shove-it underflip body varial, 360 underflip, front foot 1 1/2 impossible, 1 1/2 kickback trailer motala kickflip sweden skate skateboard skejt bail ramp kickflip heelflip 180 360 flip mullen miniramp 360flip skatevid skatevideo bail higest ollie longest invard bs 108 fs grind nose manual video jumping from crazy not skate skiing ski snowboard skateboard kickflip sweden skate skateboard skejt bail ramp kickflip heelflip 180 360 flip mullen miniramp 360flip skatevid skatevideo music video guitar how to play lesson bail higest ollie longest invard bs 108 fs grind nose manual manual trick pretty sick man, really clean for your first one. good job and good video! lets see some more videos of when you have it down every try? nice video, skating, and filming tho dude. could you check out my channel? skate boarding skateboarding skateboard board sk8boarding skating town port hardy porthardy day daytage montage kickflip heelflip hardflip hard heel kick frontside backside front back 360 180 540 720 1080 900 inward inwardheel laser lazer laserflip tre 360kicklip 360flip pressure nollie switch ryan sheckler shecks p-rod rod planb real fake funny crazy huge ollie 5050 50-50 five-o five-0 grind crook skatpark plaza vancouver island british columbia canda goskate go day goskateday
prince edward island real estate: sea watch lane, waterfront lot on the ocean. 1.16 acres, $28,500.  &   call toll free 1-888-295-6863  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, retirement, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, recreational, development, residential, farm, apartment, or retirement real estate, make sure you check out this waterfront lot located in the sea watch sub division, st. lawrence, prince edward island.  this is today's feature in prince edward island (p.e.i.) real estate.  this private location is 35 minutes west of summerside, and 65 minutes west of charlottetown, prince edward island.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael specializes in oceanfront, waterfront, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, cavendish, rustico, alberton, o'leary, kensington, hunter river, and more. direct link to photos at:   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter at   make sure you join my mailing list at   live with kelly and regis in pei july 12-15th. prince edward island canada waterfront century 21 c21 oceanfront real estate p.e.i. pei vacation travel tourism kelly regis
"the real bc" mills01480's photos around bella coola, canada (what did the bella coola eat) preview of mills01480's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  real bc bella coola blogs bella coola hill bella coola real what did the bella coola eat bella bc canyon bella coola jungle canada bella coola indians flag bc puntzi lake real bella coola british columbia canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
wing creek - waterfront real estate on kootenay lake the stunning custom built timber frame show home at wing creek has been completed and is now open for viewings. this waterfront community offers the exclusive luxury of a hamill creek timber home on one of the most spectacular pieces of property in bc's southern interior. kaslo kootenay waterfront custom homes community exclusive timberframe stupeflix real estate lake tour private beach luxury development retirement investment
prairies by horseback - travel alberta, canada get a taste of alberta's roots with a horseback riding trip through the prairies. rolling grasslands, big sky and friendly faces make for an authentic western experience.  for more information about horseback riding in alberta visit:    song/artist: "dust"/ wil mimnaug   travel alberta cowboy tourism travel canada horses prairie western canadian badlands horse thief canyon alberta
begging for dog food! my koi eat dog food, high quality dog food made right here in alberta.  been feeding them dog for at least 10 years now and they live outside under the ice in canada during the winter.  everybody happy and well.... dog food koi fish goldfish ponds canada back yard ponds
straight outta manitoba skate edit - cole zoerb this edit was made and filmed by the homie cole zoerb, as you can see hes a pretty unreal skater with some strange tricks in his bag to say the least, but he kills it every session andddd with the youtube edits. go check out cole's channel @  he posts multiple videos a week and all of his edits are actually edits! they're not just trimmed and organized clips, hes got some serious editing skills so check it out! cole's a real manitoba skater with the sponsors to prove it, and the mindset to succeed. hes spent the time to gain the knowledge of the dslr long lens world so he definitely has some artistic touches in his videos too. quality crisp footage, good colors, a proper mic and clean sounding audio is what you can expect to see on his channel!        follow my facebook group! (lloydminster & area skateboarding)  skate boarding skateboarding skateboard board sk8boarding skating town port hardy porthardy day daytage montage kickflip heelflip hardflip hard heel kick frontside backside front back 360 180 540 720 1080 900 inward inwardheel laser lazer laserflip tre 360kicklip 360flip pressure nollie switch ryan sheckler shecks p-rod rod planb real fake funny crazy huge ollie 5050 50-50 five-o five-0 grind crook skatpark plaza vancouver island british columbia canda goskate go day goskateday
rosen lake 2012 just a video of one of my adventures last summer with good family friends. potentially the highlight of the summer, this is to show some of the activities and good times we had. who's pumped for summer of 2013? rosen lake 2012 aaron lim theutubeengineer water sport tubing kayaking british columbia travel rocky mountains fernie alpine resort
spirit island, alberta (go pro) like me on facebook:     my girlfriend and i checked out maligne lake and spirit island one weekend and it was awesome. its soo beautiful and amazing out there, the water is soo blue.    shot 100% on the gopro  music by apple production music    extra tags: maligne lake alberta canada edmonotn japser hinton travel canadian rockies mountains lakes water wet boat spirit island famous spot gopro maligne lake spirit island alberta canada go pro go pro gopro go pro hd mountains outdoor sports tourism travel events rock mountains canada rock mountains camera video people places adventure nature
kitsault bc **please feel free to share**  a quick tour through kitsault bc. sorry it's a little shaky. caretakers take care of the place, mow lawns, etc. there was underground electrical, apartment buildings, everything a town had. it still has. when i come to the end, all those foundations were houses that were airlifted out. the "manager's house" was the driveway we pulled into.. imagine waking up to that view..wow..  kitsault is an abandoned town in northern british columbia, canada. owned by a single person, it has been closed to the public for years, for more information, please check out:  for history kitsault ghost town molybdenum mine heaven on earth peaceful mining (industry) canada housing industry wildlife ocean town sky blue clouds nature sun relax british columbia tours travel mountains alice arm adventure culture bears millionare cranberry connector dirt road sunset destination helicopter fly relaxing events tourism museum landmark sunrise august
ski holiday in the canadian rockies epic conditions await you in alberta's world-class ski resorts, including banff national park, kananaskis country and jasper national park in the canadian rockies.   for more information about alberta's ski holidays visit:   song/artist: "roam"/wil mimnaugh travel alberta tourism skiing canada powder mountains rockies ski winter travel rocky snow snowboard banff lake louise jasper mountain
snowboarding in the canadian rockies shred alberta's famous powder while taking in stunning alpine scenery at world-class resorts  like banff national park, kananaskis country and jasper national park in the canadian rockies.  for more information about alberta's snowboarding holidays visit:    song/artist: "us two"/andrea wettstein travel alberta canada snowboard ski skiing rockies tourism alberta banff lake louise travel powder rocky mountains western canadian vacation winter snow
99 highway, south of lillooet, bc, canada the road between pemberton and lillooet is one of my favourite. in this video, i am driving toward pemberton, british columbia, near the beginning of this amazing driving experience. british columbia lillooet canada driving mountains
skating on lake louise family fun and exceptional scenery await you at lake louise in banff national park - one of alberta's most spectacular natural skating arenas.   for more information about ice skating in alberta visit:    song/artist: "here we go", wil mimnaugh travel alberta skate tourism travel vacation lake louise banff jasper canadian winter ice skating alberta canada figure skate wil
dog sledding in canmore - travel alberta, canada for big thrills with epic backcountry scenery, book a winter dog sledding tour in the canadian rocky mountains and mush your own team of huskies.  for more information about dog sledding tours in alberta visit:    for more on snowy owl dog sled tours in canmore, visit:    song/artist: "slip slide"/alec harrison travel alberta canada dogsledding dog sledding travel tourism canadian dog sleigh dog winter snow mountain spray lakes vacation
on the onakawana & moose rivers 1978 by rail and canoe to tidewater at moosonee.  a 1978 journey from cochrane to otter rapids on the abitibi river, a portage through the forest the onakawna river, and then downstream towards the abitibi. there were so many meanders, beaver dams, walks and fallen trees on the onakawana that time ran out.  the train was picked up close to the abitibi confluence and taken as far as the wide, open and relatively insect free moose river.  there were no scheduled stations between cochrane and moosonee, so you just flag down the train. moose river (river) onakawana river cochrane (city/town/village) moosonee (city/town/village) abitibi river (river) canoe forest blackfly river (geographical feature category) kayak canadian ontario canada mosquito (animal)
road trip to killaloe (002) julie and i drive from our home in london, ontario to killaloe to visit her family at their cottage on the bonnechere river near golden lake. we make stops at canon in toronto, as well as peterborough, and the famous wilno tavern.  thanks for watching, please like, comment, & subscribe.   follow me: twitter:  instagram:  facebook:    gear i used to make this video: my camera:  my lens:  my studio mic:  my run & gun video mic:  tripod:  head:  audio interface:  headphones:    synopsis:  the video opens on a packing montage as julie and gerald prepare for their weekend in killaloe.   their first stop is at canon in mississauga to repair the focusing screen on the 5d mark iii.  after hitting traffic in toronto, they eventually make it to peterborough where they visit julies friend, sarah.  the next stop is in wilno to get some food. they eat the famous perogies of the wilno tavern, before going to the lookout.  they make a pit stop in killaloe to drop some stuff off at julies parents house then head to the cottage on bonnechere river.  the rest of the night is spent setting up the tent, avoiding mosquitos, and applying afterbite.  the weekend is then spent boating on the river, swimming, exploring the woods, photographing wildlife, and spending time with family.  on sunday, a flash rain storm ruined their tent packing plans, and forced julie and gerald to dry out all their gear.  they eventually got back on the road for the long journey home.   about me:  hi! im gerald. welcome to my channel. thanks for taking the time to watch this video. i have many other videos on my channel that range in content, including: comedy sketches, gaming videos, diys with a unique twist, funny unboxings, passionate reviews, gear talk, rants, life hacks, and even my attempt at an artistic vlog.   i am from london, ontario, canada, and have lived in that area most of my life, including west lorne where i grew up, and a brief stay in toronto.  ive always been passionate about video and filmmaking. when i was younger i was fascinated with my fathers video cameras. he was big into electronics and loved to make home movies, so he was always fussing around with the latest and greatest in consumer camera equipment. i used every excuse i could in school to make my class assignments into videos to allow me to break out the camera and show off my quirky sense of humour. sadly, after high school, i hung up my amateur filmmaker hat and switched to writing. ive been a semi-professional writer and blogger for nearly 10 years and have had several successes.  in 2013, i started running a photography business with my fiance, julie. we started out as sports photographers, but now julie whelan photography has moved into active lifestyle and outdoor adventure photography, while not completely abandoning the action sports side. this has given me the resources, gear, and inspiration to finally give youtube a try.   i hope that my passion for filmmaking, my skills as a writer, and my experience with photography will allow me to create some unique, innovative, and entertaining videos for the youtube community. so, please subscribe to my channel, and lets give this a shot together.   why undone?  the idea behind the undone part of gerald undone is simple. i just entered into my 30s when i started this channel and had been noticing that as i got older i started to take things way more seriously than i ever did before. as a kid i was the class clown type, constantly looking to entertain. as i aged, i found less and less time for silliness and fun. as with most things, its easier to notice faults in others than it is in yourself, and it wasnt until i started to get annoyed at how seriously my peers (now also in their 30s) were taking life that i wanted to change.   the second component is my lifelong problem of feeling like i dont quite fit in. i often dont understand the motivations of my peers, and save for my close friends, i dont think that my peers comprehend mine. as i got older, this divide grew instead of shrank, and i found myself faking it most of the time to try and relate.  so, undone suggests that the pressures of trying to fit into society have been slowly pulling the thread on this serious persona ive created for myself. that the years of faking it have finally pulled this faade apart. now ive returned to my most honest, goofy, and albeit borderline insane by conventional standards self. the unfunny, serious, adult me has come unfastened. i have come undone. killaloe ontario bancroft golden lake bonnechere river boat road trip travel north cottage camping adventure nature quiet night sky river boating toronto canon vlog wilno perogies beavertails bridge wildlife photography turtles geese canadian northern up north road trip to killaloe boating in canada canadian parks beautiful lakes river animals glamping out in nature boat trip wilno tavern peterborough
nipawin, saskatchewan a wet and cool july day in east-central saskatchewan, but the fair fun continues. nipawin saskatchewan canada tourism travel safe clean clear rural small towns warm summer days canadian pacif
cpr at gull lake, july 2012 canadian pacific west bound freight roars out of gull lake. saskatchewan canada tourism travel safe clean clear rural warm summer days canadian pacific railway
myra trestle - kelowna bc myra trestle - kelowna bc re-opening june 25  2008 myra canyon trestle videos restoration society kettle valley railway historic site moutain bikes biking tours trails freeriding provincial part kvr tunnel brideges steam locomotive train museum chute lake camping firestorm kelowna super natural british columbia destination canada vacation packages getaways canadian resorts jcvdude video production thompson okanagan tourismbc hellobc bc tourism kootenays trailsbc summerland ruth greenwood stations railway birding trips ng
fathers day 2008 kelowna car show and shine party with the blues brothers, car show and shine and barbecue...the canada you only see here. i love british columbia canada. this is kelowna. boyds kelowna show shine father's day car show custom rods bikes muscle harley davidson super natural british columbia videos canada vacation destination biking golf wine aboriginal activities sport canadian destinations vacations tourismbc hellobc thompson okanagan touring hiking biking jcvdude video production lamborghini gallardo mustang shelby corvette viper porsche classic vintage cars travel motels b&b hotels
gull lake, saskatchewan - action on the cpr's mainline reclined on bridge creeks left bank, gull lake minds the cpr mainline and the trans-canada highway. gull lake saskatchewan canada tourism travel safe clean rural small towns canadian pacific railway sunsets
bankend, saskatchewan - winter no school, no church; just a hall and a co-op are left to bankend. bankend saskatchewan canada history tourism small town travel safe clean rural scenery canadian pacific railw
canadian ski areas | crabbe mountain new brunswick canada  maine is lucky to be so close to new brunswick and quebec canada. in houlton maine we ski at big rock in mars hill and also drift across the us border for something different in upper haynesvillle new brunswick in carleton county's crabbe mountain ski area. neat family affordable snow ski mountain. follow our meinmaine blog posts  crabbe mountain canadian ski area new brunswick winter snow sports
sea to sky gondola in squamish, bc! easy hikes, great view. hey everyone!  part 2 of my birthday celebration i head to the sea to sky gondola in squamish, bc. the weather was gorgeous and the crowd wasn't too big, but i wouldn't count on having the same luck during full on summer months!   it costs $37.95 for an adult ticket, and although i do find it a little pricey, it's been a long time since i've gotten in touch with nature and the short hikes with gorgeous views for little effort was up my alley.   the sky pilot suspension bridge was also super fun to walk, just a little rocky to give me the sense of danger i'm looking for.   for more information on the sea to sky gondola, here's a link to their website:   to check out timberwolf where i had brunch, here's their website:   for my derpy commentary, watch the rest of the video. if you enjoyed it, subscribe and join me on my next adventure! see you next video, bye :)   ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~  music: little idea & cute by bensound (  follow me on twitter:  follow me on instagram:  follow me on google +:  follow me on facebook:  follow my videos on gastrofork:  canada nature british columbia bc squamish natural outdoors scenery canadian hiking trails view beautiful outdoor activity summer activity local vancouver vancity things to do birthday celebration vlog sunshine trees sunny weather hiking trails easy hikes
grandmother's yard - gopro hero 4 - hanmer, ontario, canada - flowers, gardens, trees, birds hey guys! thank you for watching my video, if you want to see more, please and make sure to subscribe to my channel :)  and also share my videos, and use my #hashtag with it :d   if you guys wanna follow me on social media, go right ahead, i have links posted up on my channel page for you guys to check out.   thank you, and have a nice day :d travel nature canada outdoors animal pj patrakka travelling road trips summer winter living sub4sub instagram twitter facebook social canadian ontario sudbury yard garden (industry) flower garden green bird (animal) camera flower (quotation subject) gopro hero 4 beahero go pro hero 4 nature canadian hanmer val caron valley east blezard valley chelmsford travel vlogger vlog vlogging traveler video blog (website category) blogger (website) toronto adventure
rmr: rick at the coast guard college rick enrolls at the canadian coast guard college in sydney, ns for a day. rmr rick mercer report rick mercer report canada canadian cbc television comedy satire coast guard coast guard college sydney nova scotia sydney nova scotia canadian coast guard college
bon echo provincial park - mazinaw rock & campsite 210 rv camping ontario - bon echo provincial park - ontario, canada september 16, 2016, camping at campsite 210 in the midway campground within the mazinaw campground.  follow us as we explore ontario provincial parks.  facebook - @rvcampingontario instagram - @rockstar791  like - subscribe - share bon echo bon echo provincial park mazinaw rock mazinaw campground midway campground ontario parks parks canada rv camping ontario kaladar highway 41 hiking camping hiking with dogs narrows canadian adventures campfire site 210 2016 camping 2016 fall camping september camping hiking in the rain dog beach pet area youtube facebook subscribe share like canadian ontario canada discover ontario
steelman, saskatchewan it's not far to either manitoba or north dakota from steelman. steelman saskatchewan canada tourism travel safe clean clear rural small towns warm summer days canadian nati
kinkaid, saskatchewan - return hot enough for u this afternoon in kincaid? kincaid saskatchewan canada small towns tourism travel safe clean rural canadian pacific railway great western
2012 sledding washago to gravenhurst loop on the ofsc trails, ontario hd as seen in "canada shared by canadians - keep exploring"  canadiantourism   we asked canadians to pick up their cameras and share some of canada's best travel experiences.  the response was incredible;  65 hours of video and 7,000 submissions.   some short clips all mashed together from a week-end of shredding, and high speed riding on the ofsc trails and lakes, sadly our first ride of the year, jan 28-29 2012, on our 2003 mxz x rev 800 and little 600. whardguy ofsc snowmobile sled sledding slednecks arctic cat helmet mount camera jumps bumps open lakes high speed trail riding gopro go pro cam arctic cat racing motor sports snowtrax warren hardy hd high-definition keep exploring canada canadiantourism canadian tourisum 35 million directors
sibbald point & lake simcoe round 2, fight more summer fun at sibbald point provincial park. this time we went out on the lake in a boat and swam. this is a really beautiful and clean lake that is well worth a visit.      lockie's travel vlog is where i post to keep my friends and family up to date with what i'm up to. check back to see new posts or subscribe to get notifications. sibbald point lake simcoe boat swim swimming bbq fun day trip travel vlog australian canadian summer
rmr: rick at the numb bum ice race rick heads to sandy beach, alberta for the annual 24 hour numb bum motorcycle ice race -- the longest ice race in the world. rmr rick mercer report rick mercer rick mercer report mercer report canada canadian cbc television comedy satire politics political politicians numb bum ice race 24-hour 24-hour ice race sandy beach alberta motorcycle race racing
medicine trail snowshoe tour whistler. snowshoe through a forest full of mystery along an old trapper's path. learn traditional knowledge while you snowshoe and sample healing teas from plants that grow along the medicine trail. travel deep into a special ancient forest in the callaghan valley, part of whistlers backcountry. hear a brief history of the area's traditional uses and ways of the past. let your imagination go as you gaze upon giant cedar, fir and hemlock trees that provide a canopy high above. finish back at the caboose for a rejuvenating snack by the fire.    - canadian wilderness adventures, whistler bc canada. activities whistler adventure tours tourism whistler citytownvillage outdoors vancouver activities nature snowshoe whistler tours citytownvillage snow backcountry adventures snowshoe (club interest) outdoor canada canadian canadian wilderness adventures explore bc whistler unfiltered whistler-blackcomb (ski area) british columbia (canadian province)
winter helicopter ride helicopter rides in alberta provide a unique perspective of the stunning canadian rocky mountains and are the ultimate gateway for a snowshoeing holiday.  for more information about helicopter rides in alberta visit:    song/artist: "take me higher"/russ broom travel alberta canada heli snowshoe snowshoeing rockies mountain vacation winter snow banff lake louise helicopter tourism travel canadian powder alberta
wilderness run snowmobile tour whistler.  canadian wilderness adventures just outside of whistler carve your way through the remote backcountry of the callaghan valley on a snowmobile to our rustic cabin on sproatt mountain. rugged bc wilderness surrounds you while you snowmobile through thickly forested trails and across frozen lakes. discover awe-inspiring landscape and experience the excitement and freedom of a truly canadian backcountry snowmobile adventure.    -canadian wilderness adventures. whistler, bc, canada. whistler (city/town/village) whistler backcountry snowmobile (invention) canada adventure tours snowmobiling snowmobile bc adventures tourism snow vancouver outdoors activities whistler snow sports canadian
canadian tire car show 2008 peace river alberta canadian tire car show 2008 peace river alberta canada  music track "tailpipe", peter black  playing slide and gary jacquard on drums canadian tire car show 2008guitar peter black blues guitar gary jacquard hotrods cars slide peace river alberta canada
rmr: rick in gros morne national park rick works with conservation and science teams to help track and analyze the health of the moose population in gros morne national park, newfoundland. rmr rick mercer report rick mercer rick mercer report mercer report gros morne national park gros morne national park moose tagging tag moose tagging conservation science team teams science teams track and analyze health moose population newfoundland canada canadian
hazenmore, saskatchewan a luxuriant, leafy canopy breaks the worst of the east wind and shades hazenmore's yards this hot afternoon. kincaid saskatchewan canada small towns tourism travel safe clean rural canadian pacific railway great western
target poverty campaign for a poverty-free manitoba target poverty - campaign for a poverty free manitoba by the canadian federation of students - manitoba and make poverty history manitoba. on november 5th join students, faculty and community members from across the province in a rally at the provincial legislature to call on the government of manitoba to implement a plan for a poverty-free manitoba that includes targets and timelines, and is adequately financed, in order to meet the goal of reducing poverty in manitoba by at least 25% by the year 2015.    - university of winnipeg students' association, canadian federation of students local 8 poverty university winnipeg manitoba campaign canadian federation students post-secondary education
lake louise & moraine lake visiting the gem of the rockies is one of our most popular tours.  this trip gives you the chance to stroll the shoreline of both lake louise and moraine lake! lake louise moraine sightseeing banff lake louise canadian rockies icons tours
biscuits and gravy  mountain house  backcountry meal review mountain house biscuits and gravy when cooked with these directions will bring this meal to a 10 out of 10.  we are in the beautiful back country of puzzle lake provincial park, ontario.  i want to extend a special thank you to mobiltec for recommending this meal and sending it to us in the mail when we had so much trouble buying one in canada.  check out his youtube channel using the link below. mobiltec channel -  poor man's pad thai - backcountry meal review -  kettle chili - mary janes farm - backcountry meal review -   you will enjoy this video series if you hike, backpack, trek, paddle, kayak,  peddle, wilderness camp, practice bushcraft or love putting them all together!  this time we left in a small blooper real at the end of this video. econo challenge camping hiking backpacking paddling bushcraft nature wild outdoors survival camp backpack natural wilderness how-to diy hike canada ontario canadian
motorbike riding on highway 17 near marathon, ontario canada  this weeks clip features highway 17 approaching marathon, ontario, canada. (it was not all blue skies and sunshine)  vridetv  (description imagine mounting a high definition camcorder to the handlebars of a motorcycle then riding across the second largest country in the world. with this point of view you will experience the sensation of riding through ten provinces of canada, coast to coast, round trip, for a total of 18,795 kilometers. this trip may be over but the riding and filming continues........................................ welcome to virtual riding television videos, pictures, maps and more details available on the website:   new content is added on a weekly basis. motorcycle riding touring marathon ontario jackfish canada adventure destination travel-log harley-davidson vrod vrsca rain storm biker moto canadian hawg hog motorcyclist rider rides
saskatoon to regina for s.a.b.i.t. xiii day 144 -- music by: gee   hadlen is a hypnotist, magician, mentalist, and speaker and he presents "saskatoon to regina for s.a.b.i.t."  -------------------------------- description --------------------------------  in this episode we take a trip down to regina, saskatchewan for the annual saskatchewan asian basketball invitational tournament. this is the 13th year they have put this tournament on and it is always a great time!  filmed in saskatoon, saskatchewan, canada in 2016.  -------------------------------- subscribe --------------------------------  new videos every day!  -------------------------------- can you hadlen more? --------------------------------  daily magic on snapchat:  facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  periscope:  website:  google+:    -------------------------------- hadlen's po box --------------------------------  p.o. box 7175 saskatoon, saskatchewan, canada s7k 4j2 hadlen magic hypnosis magician hypnotist hypnotize hypnotise illusion illusionist mentalist entertainer speaker yxe saskatoon stoon sask sk saskatchewan vlog vlogs vlogger vloggers dailyvlog dailyvlogger daily yqr canada canadian saskatoon to regina for s.a.b.i.t. day 144 episode 144 hadlen vlog 144 sabit saskatchewan asian basketball invitational tournament sabit xiii sabit 13
emergency landing in garden river, ontario emergency cessna landing by pilot jarad panarello of on highway 17a in garden river first nation territory. emergency landing; cessna r182; jarad panarello; garden river; first nation civil aviation canadian n5274s highway 17 trans canada algoma engine oil pilot boston saugus ames iowa hap's air service towing flatbed trucking
raymore, saskatchewan - summer and winter two seasons over two years in raymore. raymore saskatchewan canada small towns tourism travel safe clean clear rural canadian national railway grand
the good lovelies - "waiting for you" (live) ontario folk trio the good lovelies perform "waiting for you" off their forthcoming album "burn the plan". subscribe:  q's homepage:  q on twitter:  q on facebook:   q is a magazine show thats unpredictable in the best sense - proud to be a wild mix of culture by way of canada as described by the new york times. the globe & mail noted the shows raging popularity across a variety of platforms -- podcasts, television, websites, satellite radio, terrestrial radio, and occasional live remote broadcasts." cbc qtv radio canadian broadcasting corporation q on cbc shad the good lovelies good lovelies waiting for you burn the plan folk folk music
churchill, manitoba - on the edge of the hudson bay - polar bear capital of the world fascinated by churchill, manitoba.  this northern canadian town is situated on the edge of hudson bay, on the upper edge of manitoba.  perhaps you've heard of it?  after all it is the polar bear capital of the world!  ________________________  discover more of churchill, manitoba and the people and polar bear that live there this autumn on polar bear town on oln canada, tuesday nights at 9 pm et / pt.   _______________________  for more polar bear town connect with the series on facebook at  on twitter at  and on instagram at  hudson bay polar bear capital of the world polar bear capital churchill (city/town/village) polar bear (animal) manitoba (canadian province) canada (country) exploremb explorecanada oln polar bear town north arctic (location) canadian discovery channel (tv network) nat geo wild (tv network) national geographic explorer (tv program) national geographic channel (tv station) national geographic (magazine)
jigging ages 2-5 (vid 2) woodland cree gathering 2015 woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast ernest monias danny merasty northern prairie dancers woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz
men's jigging woodland cree gathering 2015 (vid 1) woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast ernest monias danny merasty northern prairie dancers woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz 'mens jigging' cree (ethnicity)
older ladies jigging woodland cree gathering 2015 woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast ernest monias danny merasty northern prairie dancers woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz
"someday" (cover) tristan randhile simpson naytowhow & jennifer bird montreal lake, saskatchewan wedding dance - prince albert, saskatchewan july 31, 2015 thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal 'someday' 'tristan randhile' 'simpson naytowhow' 'jennifer bird' thatdeliagal' 'john bird' 'ron bradfield' 'travis beatty'
heavy get go recording somewhere in the bush of northern saskatchewan!  heavy get go recording music reggae canada rock saskatchewan live funk bush northern north bass guitar jam cher stevie r&b jamming solo live music improvisation
men's jigging woodland cree gathering 2015 (vid 2) woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast ernest monias danny merasty northern prairie dancers woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz
"_______________________" (cover) nathaniel ballantyne woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz 'nathaniel ballantyne'
jigging ages 14-17 woodland cree gathering 2015 (vid 1) woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast ernest monias danny merasty northern prairie dancers woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz
ininiwag dibaajimowag: dan highway - second chance dan highway is originally from brochet, manitoba (barren lands first nation), treaty 10 territory. dan received his education in the residential school system from 1955 at age 7 to 1969 in the pas and winnipeg, manitoba. after 27 years of service to the government of manitoba, dan now works as an independent consultant. his film is called "second chance". ininiwag dibaajimowag oral history centre residential schools canada manitoba aboriginal residential school second chance
maritimes (nova scotia, new brunswick, prince edward island) exploring a few provinces in east canada... looking forward to seeing more of what canada has to offer.. it's not just all snow you know =) nova scotia new brunswick pei prince edward island halifax lunenburg peggys cove cabot trail confederation bridge charlottetown bay of fundy hopewell rocks shediac green gables
campground flooding in bc, canada the rv park we've been staying in is directly on the harrison river in the fraser valley of southwestern british columbia, canada. over the past couple of weeks, the water in the harrison & fraser rivers has risen to its highest level in 40 years and many area campgrounds are partially or completely submerged.  there have been floods like this before, but not for quite some time.  we drove to several campgrounds today, including matsqui trail regional park on the fraser river in the metro vancouver region between abbotsford & mission, and kilby park campground at the kilby historic site in harrison mills. we also paddled our canoe through the parking lot of our own park, also in harrison mills.  we tried to visit one other nearby park, but all the rvs have been evacuated and the gate is locked.  there are reports of flooding in many parts of the bc lower mainland, including here in the fraser valley.  chilliwack and other areas are affected by the fraser river, and we're of course affected by the flooding on the harrison river.  luckily for us, our rv park is on a hill and we're at the top of it.  only the very lowest-lying sites have been directly affected, where you can canoe from the harrison river right up the boat ramp and into the parking lot, which we did.  we're hoping for fewer rainy days and abating of flood waters soon.  lower temperatures would help as well, slowing the snowmelt in the surrounding coast mountains.  to hear about new videos, giveaways and other great rving content as soon as it's released, visit our website and subscribe!   full-time rvers since april 11, 2003, we share diy (do it yourself) rv maintenance, repair, travel, upgrade and operational tips & tricks.  while we're not rv technicians, we're very mechanically inclined and have learned a lot about rv systems over the years. we've handled most of our own minor service, maintenance and upgrade work on both of our rvs.  we meet lots of newer rvers who are eager to learn some basics about using, maintaining and caring for their rigs. after more than a decade on the road, we're happy to share what we've learned (some of it the hard way). ;-)  we hope our experience can help other rvers go diy, saving time & money while experiencing the satisfaction of a job well done. we're handy rvers, not professional technicians. we're happy with the techniques and products we use, but be sure to confirm that all methods and materials you use are compatible with your equipment and abilities. regardless of what we recommend, consult a professional if you're unsure about working on your rv. any task you perform or product you purchase based on any information we provide is strictly at your own risk.  we sometimes receive products for evaluation at no cost, but our opinions are our own and we only feature products we personally use, love and can recommend to friends with complete confidence. the rvgeeks participate in the amazon services llc associates program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.  comments welcome! thanks for watching! don't forget to subscribe! camping camper coach rig trailer 5th wheel recreational vehicle service tips travel fraser harrison river flood
jigging ages 2-5 woodland cree gathering 2015 woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast ernest monias danny merasty northern prairie dancers woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz jigging 'jigging contest' cree (ethnicity)
jigging ages 10-13 woodland cree gathering 2015 (vid 3) woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast ernest monias danny merasty northern prairie dancers woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz
jigging 6-9 woodland cree gathering 2015 - vid 2 woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast ernest monias danny merasty northern prairie dancers woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz
jigging ages 10-13 woodland cree gathering 2015 (vid 2) woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast ernest monias danny merasty northern prairie dancers woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz
jigging ages 6-9 woodland cree gathering 2015 woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast ernest monias danny merasty northern prairie dancers woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz
the testers 2015 spring promo - cranbrook, bc the testers.  cranbrook, bc's classic rock party band!  get them at your next function!   thetestersband@gmail.com music band keon chung just music drums bass guitar singer video eidt edit party rock teacher doctor british columbia (canadian province) cranbrook (city/town/village) music video (tv genre) television (invention) andrew rutledge mark dave standing burger berger
jigging ages 6-9 woodland cree gathering 2015 finalists woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast ernest monias danny merasty northern prairie dancers woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz finalists
laying low in logan lake, british columbia, canada i am just laying low at the municipal logan lake campground with my 30 amp connection and my free ota cable tv chilling with sammie the pooper....  decided to come up here on labor day to avoid the traffic madness of everyone else up here over the long weekend.  us retired unemployed folks can do that! lol.  i am just enjoying the quiet shoulder tourist season here in western canada in the rv. travel where i want and when i want. i feel like nomadic fanatic with a passport and a pension!  logan lake will be my future summer home.  it is a slice of my personal heaven up here.  in the meantime, stay safe folks and keep your wheels on the ground! logan lake british columbia canada rv camping motorhome kamloops travel vacation property retirement pension class c laying low in logan lake linescrew1 linescrew productions
jonathan crowe is retiring from cbc nl after 31 years with cbc, and 11 years as the co-host of here & now, jonathan crowe has announced his retirement. read more here:    subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador cbcnl cbc nl crowe here and now here & now retirement retiring retire jonathan crowe jon
women's jigging woodland cree gathering 2015 (vid 2) woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast ernest monias danny merasty northern prairie dancers woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz
jigging ages 10-13 woodland cree gathering 2015 (vid 4) woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast ernest monias danny merasty northern prairie dancers woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz
jigging ages 10 -13 woodland cree gathering 2015 (vid 6) woodland cree gathering 2015 august 14,15,16, 2015 deschambault lake, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal woodland cree gathering deschambault lake traditional foods dry meat community feast ernest monias danny merasty northern prairie dancers woodland cree gathering 2015 village of deschambault alice dorian linda dorion joyce mcleod moose meat  duck soup dry meat soup the rez boyz
thunder bay ontario sailing adventure 2016  sailing sailing adventures thunder bay harbour tours sail lake superior sailing thunder bay sailsuperior.com
jumpingpound ridge, sibbald creek kananaskis country, alberta, canada a short hike from powderface trail, off sibbald creek trail (hwy 68), west of calgary, alberta, canada in kananaskis country, to jumpingpound ridge. normally, it is uncharacteristic to have this much snow at 6,000 ft. (1,829 m) of elevation in late may. hike hiking kananaskis kananaskis country jumpingpound sibbald creek alberta mountain mountains canada
brule lake sand dunes trip brule lake sand dunes, alberta, canada.  music from: -force [ncs release] - -alan walker   soundcloud    facebook    twitter    instagram  quading sand dunes mountains atv suzuki yamaha kawasaki polaris alberta canada brule
bow falls in banff national park a bigrockies.com main event: bow falls in the banff townsite, banff national park, alberta, canada.   a beautiful and easy accessable waterfall just below the banff spings hotel.  like bigrockies.com on facebook:  bow river (river) park mountain mountains trail national bigrockies.com main event banff jasper alberta canada waterfall bow falls bow river falls gull water hiking location (geography) banff springs hotel
magnificent canadian rocky mountains near banff, alberta, canada magnificent canadian rocky mountains near banff, alberta, canada.  join us on a soothing photographic slide show journey through the beautiful rocky mountains of alberta and british columbia, canada in may, 2001.  we will start just outside of calgary at the olympic village, home of the 1988 winter olympics and then travel into banff national park to see lake louise.  we were surprised to see the emerald blue/green lake was still locked in winters grip.  do you see our reflections in the reflecting ball?    in banff we stopped to take pictures at the banff national park administration building and the banff springs hotel.  a seven minute ride on the gondola took us to the top of sulphur mountain for the most spectacular views and photo opportunities in banff national park.  back off the mountain we toured the cave and basin national historic site, the birthplace of canada's national park system, which began here in 1885.   as we travelled north on the ice fields parkway we drove past bow lake and the num-ti-jah lodge stopping for the evening at the glacier view inn.  our corner room overlooked the glacier and the beautiful late winter surroundings. the next day we were off to the athabasca glacier on a snow coach tour to the upper reaches of the glacier just below the columbia ice field.  these coaches were made specifically for this glacier.  as a matter of fact, the diesel engines in the snow coaches are the same model that powers generators for the glacier view inn since power lines have not reached this remote stretch of the park, if ever!   as the glaciers melt, their waters cut their way to the oceans creating dynamic scenery such as athabasca falls. the water is laden with fine powder called rock flour and the water carries this milky, abrasive substance downstream into lakes creating stunning beauty such emerald lake where we took a leisurely canoe ride.  music:  silver blue light isrc: us-uan-11-00718 by kevin macleod, (incompetech.com) licensed under creative commons "attribution 3.0" banff national park canada canadian rocky mountains ice field parkway cave and basin hot springs1988 calgary olympics british columbia bc tour tourist hd hdtv high definition defination snow rock flour mountain alberta jasper emerald lake num-ti-jah lodge climbing canyon
view of sparwood, bc standing near to the town entrance of sparwood  in british columbia. its around 8.30am in morning of late august 2010 as the camera pans around the area near to the visitors centre and the titan truck. sparwood bc adventure bc motorcycle riding british columbia biker canada canadian motorcycling crowsnest crowsnest highway highway 3 bc lake lakes landscapes motorcycle motorcycling motorcycle tour mountains outdoor sports pov ride riding rockies rocky rocky mountains scenery titan truck tour touring tourism travel trip suzuki suzuki gt750
heli skiing in the boos heli skiing in the bugaboos, british columbia skiing heli-skiing helicopter mountains snow extreme adventure
watertown lakes - the campers waterton lakes national park is a national park located in the southwest corner of alberta, canada, and borders glacier national park in montana, usa. the park contains 505 km2 (195 sq mi) of rugged mountains and wilderness.  the crypt lake trail is one of the premium hikes in waterton lakes national park in alberta, canada. it is accessed by a dedicated ferry service operating from the waterton park townsite.  the cascading crypt falls are over 150 metres (490 ft) high and are fed by crypt lake in the hanging valley above the falls. the last part of the trail is the ascent to crypt lake. this part is more challenging; in parts the walk runs at the edge of steep drops, secured by cable and also involves crawling through a narrow, but short, tunnel. finally the trail reaches the shores of crypt lake through a small forest.   this video could not be made without the amazing friends maksym ovchinnikov and pavel skyba  this awesome soundtrack was created by my amazing friend serge gamache. hopefully soon will be available for download.    film and edited by lucas mendonca using a gopro hero 3+ black, on a bike mount and a sony nex 5n ( which broke during our hike)   edited using adobe premiere pro cs6  make sure to follow me on facebook and don't forget to subscribe on our page. facebook:  youtube:  vimeo:    lttm productions lttm productions waterton lakes national park (protected site) crypt trail gopro 3 plus lttm productions maksym ovchinnikov pavel skyba serge gamache lucas mendonca national park hike hiking (sport) camp camping campsite (accommodation type) mountain canyon mountains summer
adventure kamloops part 1 hi my name is gimler and me and my friend mike are here to show you what we got hiding in our beautiful mountains. hope you like them. i'll work on making my videos better. hiking up in the mountains above kamloops lake. looking for geodes. adventure time outdoors kamloops bc canada (country) hiking mountain climbing park mountains lake trail nature ridge
balfour to kaslo bc, part 1 setting out from the ferry landing at balfour after crossing the kootenay lake, i take the right turn onto highway 31. this first part of the video series takes you out of town and alongside the lake and finishes as i reach the area known as queens bay.  music: s.d.k. acoustic duo (another day) balfour kaslo kootenays kootenay lake adventure bc motorcycle riding british columbia biker canada canadian motorcycling campground climbing hike hiking highway 31 lakes landscapes tour mountains nature outdoor sports pov rocky rockies mountains ride rivers scenery touring tourism travel trip suzuki bandit.
whirlpool ridge, alberta attempt to ascend whirlpool ridge on the david thompson highway in alberta. for photos and trip description see  whirlpool david thompson hike scrambling climbing mountains alberta
horseback riding vacation - travel alberta, canada explore alberta's unique prairie landscape with a horseback riding vacation in the canadian badlands.  for information about alberta's horseback riding vacations visit:    song/artist: "dust"/wil mimnaugh travel alberta canada horses badlands western cowboy tourism prairies canadian equestrian commercial mountains rockies drumheller horse thief canyon
craziest adventure trip of desi boys to the killarney provincial park, ontario, canada!!! a trip by 5 desi buddies to canadian provincial park (the killarney).  so far this was the best provincial park we ever have been to, with no restrictions and full privacy. all the camping sites were with enough distance which was best for the friends like us who went to enjoy late night party with campfire and beer :) george lake was very near by to our campsite which was so amazing. we did cliff jumping, canoy sailing, and hiking to "the crack" trail was the most amazing part(one advice don't give up on halfway to trail, the view from the top is worth hiking a long trail). staff at the park was, so friendly they didn't bother while we were talking and enjoying outside till early morning.i would love to visit this park again and again. i would say this 2 days at killarney was way better than camping grounds at tobermory with half price and they don't even charge for person more than 2. i would highly recommend this park just go for it guys you will surely have great time as we had cheers :).     killarney provincial park booking link:  music: future james - life could be dream   johnny rock - smart phone   kevin macleod - beach party    coldplay - paradise(official)   happy - south africa   floppy circus - the tales of wes montgomery    rang de basanti - score - 2    jeff kale - happy days   hans zimmer - he's a pirate   diviners - savannah(ft. philly k)  killarney park ontario sudbury gujarati boys pirates camping hiking shaktimaan friends trip campfire tent badminton dodgecharger cliffjumping water diving pajji indian shank arpit kishan jigs jigo fun adventure gossip boating canoy woods crazydriving 180km/hr food gujaratifood thepla latenighttalk beer party tamboo sonyalpha300 tripod scenery mountains lake georgelake killarney park desi killarney provincial park camping george lake
barrier lake! first gopro video :) lil day at barrier lake, kananaskis lake (geographical feature category) mountains banff canada mountain barrier lake (lake)
killarney, bell-david lake loop, october/2011 day#1   departed bell lake access october 3, 2011. paddled into strong headwinds north through bell and 3 mile lakes to 30 m portage ( lift over ) into balsam lake staying on this lake at campsite 113 this was a nice clean campsite  day#2   broke camp after breakfast,we were on the water by 10:30am. paddled through balsam lake to the 645 m portage (gruelling for 1st 200 m very steep) into david lake. a spectacular view of silver peak awaits you at the end of this portage. from here we paddled around david lake to look for available sites we discovered we were the only people on the lake ( later we seen the group of seven we had seen yesterday in balsam they set up on 121 on the other end of the lake). after looking most of the sites we chose 106, 40 m strait up hill the view was fantastic. about 2am we awoke for bladder relief, on the way back to the tent i looked down the ridge with my headlamp only to have 2 very round eyes looking back about 40 m away halfway down the ridge. the wife was back at the tent and asked if we could get in yet i hollered "no". then the eyes slowly turned away and it was dark.knowing our barrel was hung safely and our camp food free.we got back in the tent went to sleep.   day#3   awaking at 8:00am i did not mention the bear to heather until morning she said she would not have been  able to sleep had i told her earlier. this day being our layover we had our breakfast, pumped water, packed lunch in a day pack, cleaned up, and hung the food barrel getting on the water at 10:30am. we then paddled to the boundary lake portage to start our hike to silver peak after stashing our canoe we headed up the trail in full fall colours to boundary lake to where it crosses the lacloche silhouette trail. here we followed the blue markers until we came out heading up a white quartz ridge where there were cairns (piles of rocks) that are used for navigation on the trail. from here you could see almost all of boundary lake the colours and beauty are indescribable and have to be seen even pictures can't do justice. as we were reaching the top there was a great big black bear standing 40 m away right beside the cairn marking the trail at the top of the ridge, looking right at us. i took one quick picture while telling my wife that there was a bear right there then raised my hiking poles up in the air and with one loud "hey bear" it turned and walk off the top of the ridge towards boundary lake. with luck having us going the opposite way once we reached the top. when we did reach the top the bear was feeding150 m down the ridge i took 30 seconds of video and a few quick pics spending any more time near the bear than necessary would be foolish. so we continued down the lacloche silhouette trail again towards silver peak trail with a keen eye on our back. the trail heads down from here to end of boundary lake then hooks up with the silver peak trail from hear 2 km up hill brutal to say the least, hiking boots are essential . while reaching the top is a satisfying experience on its own the view that awaits you is simply breathtaking. after a much needed rest, lunch, and many photos we headed back down to our canoe then paddled back to camp without seeing the bear again. with supper cooked and the barrel hung an hour before dark, we set out looking for firewood enough for that nights fire and some extra as is customary for the next  weary souls who pass this way. had a fire then headed to bed tired from the 8 km round trip hike and had an uneventful night (no bears).   day#4   we woke at daybreak it was cold so we rolled up the sleeping gear, tent, clothes, and camp shoes  packing it all in the sealine pack this kept us warm. we then had breakfast, cleaned up, and packed the rest in the pantry barrel then loaded our canoe hitting the water by10:30am. from camp 106 we paddle all the way across david lake to the 200 m portage into david creek. this was an easy portage we had a snack break after completing portage. then paddled through david creek, which was beautiful with all fall colours along the white quartz ridges of silver peak. after a short paddle we arrived at the 775 m portage back to bell lake. this portage was relatively strait forward but looked like it could be a bitch in wet weather. we completed the portage then headed into bell lake stopping to use the thunder box on site 74 we then ate lunch reflecting on our travels and experiences  while looking at silver peak. with mixed emotions we headed for the bell lake access, on one hand we were really going to miss all this tranquility and on the other hand our tired old bodies begged for a soft bed.    the weather on this trip was simply gorgeous, with the exception of a couple of stiff headwinds we could not have asked for better trip with only one other group on david and balsam lakes it had the feeling of remoteness not often found in this park. killarney provincial park david bell outdoor sports canoeing camping backcountry climbing camping mountains lake
amazing long weekend at kinbasket lake 2011! a bunch of friends head out from calgary to a lake north of golden, for some relaxing camping and chilling out on the lake. golden bc canada kinbasket kimbasket lake gainer flip dive jump water perfect day epic glass bridge 180 boat mountains sky beautiful amazing
a hike up rattling brook rattling brook nl.. cover song robin rocky national smeaton rattling nature river newfoundland park utah brighton newfoundland national park creek ridge climbing grand canyon hiking adventure dennis piece mountains waterfall bouldering notaemssinned canyon brook colorado mountain peak trail outdoor sports lake texas
2012 - jasper national park, alberta, canada i'm especially proud to share this particular video of mine. in my opinion, it is the first true canadian video i've put together that represents some of the most beautiful western parts of canada. if you haven't already visited jasper national park within the province of alberta, you should put it on your to do list! steve tollington jasper national park canada alberta rivers mountains hiking adventure lakes animals mount robson provincial park maligne lake maligne canyon glaciers icefields parkway 93 highway athabasca river athabasca pass columbia icefield mount edith cavell mount cristie athabasca falls mount columbia athabasca mountain elk deer
rocky mountain summer adventures - travel alberta, canada visit alberta for  tons of summer adventures including glacier hikes and mountain biking in the canadian rockies.   for more information about alberta's canadian rocky mountains visit:    for more on mountain biking in alberta, visit:    travel alberta hike tourism travel banff lake louise mountain bike canada mountains canadian
algonquin park backcountry trip mccraney lake (gopro edit) amazing trip to algonquin park with some close friends on our annual portage trip, nothing but good laughs and great times. our route was from rain lake to mccraney where we were forced to take the furthest and most unmaintained camp site but we made it into our own by the end of our week adventure. till next year algonquin!     the music in this video is not my own, the artists are listed as follows: zeds dead- lost you sum 41- in too deep jellestone- money can't buy me happiness outkast- rosa parks  *for copyright purposes* park road mountain climbing sustainability (media genre) backcountry.com (business operation) algonquin provincial park (protected site) national trail mountains lake mountaineering (sport) hiking nature national park (iucn category) river campsite (accommodation type) portage (city/town/village) gopro (award-winning work) bear (animal) mouse (animal) beaver (animal) moose (animal) fox (animal) loon
organic alberta day 2 - kananaskis country follow me on instagram:  follow me on snapchat: theorganicnomad music by maxzwell (  its all about the kananaskis country today and we find a little surprise hiding in a little town called bragg creek. kananaskis (city/town/village) kananaskis country bragg creek (city/town/village) alberta (canadian province) mountains organic travel
hiking panorama ridge vlog | grizzly bears, exploring & the most beautiful view in b.c. hiking panorama ridge in garibaldi park and finding one of the most beautiful views in british columbia.  the 30km hike is very challenging and you need to be prepared, but its one of the best hikes ive ever done and the scenery is absolutely incredible.   ps. if you're wondering what the marmot annotation is about, watch this video!!   dont forget to hit subscribe & give it a thumbs up/leave a comment below if you want to see more videos like this!  __________________________________________________________ blog:  instagram:  twitter:  facebook:  snapchat: golivexplore __________________________________________________________ camera:  modo car share:  __________________________________________________________ track: closer  laszlo [monstercat] __________________________________________________________ canada travel northamerica mountains hike vlog travelblogger lake panoramaridge garibaldi vancouver adventure explore
snow12 snowboarding and skiing in 2012. doug lewis productions local snowboarding in north bay and redbridge, ontario, canada. filmed in north bay, redbridge, mt. st. louis moonstone and horseshoe on; and fernie bc. starring doug, jake and zack lewis; adam kirke; devin reichstein; matt cornish; kevin fortier; matt power; and others. music by as i lay dying (elegy remix and war ensemble cover), volbeat (a warrior's call), roger allen wade (if you're gonna be dumb, you gotta be tough) and abstractions (bang). winter - january to march 2012. doug lewis productions snow12 redbridge north bay horseshoe ski resort mt st louis moonstone ontario canada laurentian ski hill jake lewis zack lewis adam kirke devin reichstein matt cornish kevin fortier matt power steve lewis dianna lewis as i lay dying elegy remix war ensemble cover volbeat a warrior's call roger allen wade abstractions snowboarding skiing winter snow powder mountains fernie bc british columbia rocky mountains snowboard 2012
entering the town of nelson, bc riding into the town of nelson coming from the north on hwy 31. then we travel over the nelson bridge and into the town centre area on nelson avenue. then we make a right turn onto anderson street.  music:  johnathan seet (a million hungry eyes) nelson bc kootenay bay adventure bc motorcycle riding british columbia biker canada canadian motorcycling climbing hike hiking highway 3a bc highway 31 bc kootenay lake lakes landscapes motorcycle motorcycling motorcycle tour mountains nature outdoor sports pov rocky rockies rocky mountains ride riding rivers scenery tour touring tourism travel trip suzuki suzuki bandit.
rockies by day, calgary by night - travel alberta, canada explore scenic backcountry by day and enjoy fine dining and the theatre by night in calgary - one of alberta's most energetic cities.  for more information about things to do in calgary visit:   for more on calgary, visit:    song/artist: "look around"/wil mimnaugh travel alberta canada calgary rockies mountain tourism mountains canadian rockies rocky crescent falls wil stephen avenue travel alberta commercial 2011
bove island, tagish lake, yukon territories, canada near the middle of tagish lake is a stop with a clearly labeled sign that says "bove island."  this is that island on the aforementioned lake. bove island tagish lake yukon territories canada wilderness nature trees mountains klondike highway
inspire 1 aerial footage of annie lake road, yukon, canada we tested our new inspire 1 drone by filming some aerial footage on annie lake road, yukon, canada. drone inspire 1 annie lake road yukon mountains winter aerial #exploreyukon inspire1 canada inspire 1 canada
lillian lake hike - dji phantom 4 lillian lake hike  ~ june 27th 2016 lillian lake and galatea lakes, kananaskis country, canada                         tom misch tribute -   sunshine  you got me flying  watch me dance  travel hike nature canada dji phantom four phantom4 rockies canadian showcase mountains lake stream rocks mei
hunting camp hunting in northern b.c. canada adventure nature moose elk bear sheep goat wolf coyote trophy b.c. horse mountains hunting muskwa kechika rocky boone and crockett bugle pack saddle trail river hitch cross duck geese grouse knife dressing caribou grizzly aircraft floats cabin tent camp cooking fire shoe horses spotting rifle shot british columbia backpack whitetail mule cougar
mountain rescue training 3 coquitlam sar members on a mountain rescue training course in the tantalus range new squamish, bc    this video covers landing at the hut, glacier travel, companion rescue and some organized rescue.        mountain guide: tim ripple coquitlam sar rescue search training ice snow rock glacier rope crevasse techical mountain outdoors climbing mountains mountain snow scenario tantlaus mountaineering
spirit bear lodge - legends from the great bear rainforest a seven minute film documenting the rare white spirit bear of bc's great bear rainforest. the kitasoo xai'xais first nation in partnership with environmental groups and the bc government created the world's only kitasoo spirit bear conservancy. spirit bear adventures spirit bear canada bc klemtu kitasoo xai'xais first nation doug neasloss grizzly bear black bear raven salmon orca humpback wolf sea otters jellyfish mountains pacific ocean forest trees snow legend myth science
joffre lakes & matier glacier hike - august 23rd, 2015 - with michael & justin a hike past the 3 joffre lakes,  all the way up to matier glacier. lots of hikers that day. the scenes are very beautiful.  1080p hiking (sport) climbing park trail mountains joffre lakes provincial park british columbia (canadian province)
athabasca river & jasper national park on motorcycle. vridetv motorcycle riding with vridetv...  the athabasca river in jasper national park, alberta, canada is featured in this weeks clip. (#22lr)  vridetv   (description)  imagine mounting a high definition camcorder to the handlebars of a motorcycle then riding across the second largest country in the world. with this point of view you will experience the sensation of riding through ten provinces of canada, coast to coast, round trip, for a total of 18,795 kilometers. this trip may be over but the riding and filming continues........................................  welcome to virtual riding television    videos, pictures, maps and more details available on the website:    new content is added on a weekly basis. athabasca river jasper national park alberta canada rocky mountain rockies motorcycle riding touring adventure travel tourism harley-davidson vrod high definition media mountains nature
lillooet and the bc hydro dam, bc a short ride leaving from the bc hydro campground at seton lake and traveling into town. i cross the bridge at the dam outlet and then a smaller one over cayoosh creek. i continue along hwy 99 heading eastwards and then back over cayoosh creek before going up the incline and arriving at the southern edge of town.  from here the ride travels north along the main street of lillooet, then into the esso gas station for a re-fuel.  music: gotta move it (club mix) [track one recordings] (control one) duffey lake duffey lake road adventure bc motorcycle riding british columbia biker canada canadian motorcycling cayoosh creek creek hike hiking hwy 99 lakes landscapes lillooet motorcycle motorcycle tour mountains nature rivers outdoor sports rider riding rocky rockies rocky mountains tourism tour touring travel trip scenery suzuki suzuki bandit
canmore / spray lakes helicopter tour alpine helicopters 'spray lakes' helicopter tour, based out of canmore, alberta.    the video doesn't give justice to the actual feel of doing this flight.  if you are in the area i highly recommend you check it out!    link to the tour information at alpine helicopters:   canmore alberta alpine helicopter spray lakes tour kananaskis three sisters rocky mountains
sunshine/lake louise backcountry me and some friends skiing lake louise and sunshine backcountry this year.  was filmed with a helmet cam and a digital camera.  if you find the editing to be sloppy, blame wmg, mostly because 3/4 of the songs i have get muted, so after uploading about 10 different versions, i was getting lazy with timing and such. ski skiing snowboarding boarding riding ride back country alpine lake louise sunshine resort backcountry backflip helmet cam camera cornice drop powder pow steep downhill movie video bc british columbia alberta canada rockies mountain trick crash bail jump west out western film rocky mountains
kuskanook harbour, kootenay lake kuskanook harbour at the south end of kootenay lake in the kootenays of british columbia. kootenay lake creston creston valley mountains selkirk mountains selkirks kootenays kuskanook harbour british columbia bc canada wynndel kootenay river columbia wetlands
bowron lakes kayaking the bowron lake circuit. with my daughter and a friend. bowron lake provincial park (protected site) tourist destination provincial park canoe circuit top 10 portage lake lakes camping mountains kayak kayaking the chute river isaac bowron campground bc parks mikecyclone mike mattinson gopro hike water fall trail canoaists
canada 2 - the rocky mountains in british columbia and alberta canada - rocky mountains in british columbia and alberta part 2    trip to capilano - grouse mountain - stanley park - hope - kamloops - clearwater - jasper - banff - kelona - oliver - hedley ashcroft - harrison hot springs - othelo tunnels - vernon - keremeos - princeton - cache creek - lilooet - lytton - hells gate - horseshoe bay - nanaimo - departure bay - duncan - port alberni - cathedral grove - victoria - ladysmith - revelstoke canada rocky mountains in british columbia and alberta vancouver jasper banff whistler mt robson -- capilano grouse mountain stanley park hope kamloops clearwater kelona oliver hedley ashcroft harrison hot springs othelo tunnels vernon keremeos princeton cache creek lilooet lytton hells gate horseshoe bay nanaimo departure duncan port alberni cathedral grove victoria ladysmith revelstoke
rocky mountains (canadian rockies) north america canada video hd the rocky mountains, commonly known as the rockies, are a major mountain range in western north america. the rocky mountains stretch more than 3,000 miles (4,800 km) from the northernmost part of british columbia, in western canada, to new mexico, in the southwestern united states. within the north american cordillera, the rockies are somewhat distinct from the pacific coast ranges and the cascade range and sierra nevada which all lie further to the west.  the rocky mountains were initially formed from 80 million to 55 million years ago during the laramide orogeny, in which a number of plates began to slide underneath the north american plate. the angle of subduction was shallow, resulting in a broad belt of mountains running down western north america. since then, further tectonic activity and erosion by glaciers have sculpted the rockies into dramatic peaks and valleys. at the end of the last ice age, humans started to inhabit the mountain range. after europeans, such as sir alexander mackenzie, and americans, such as the lewis and clark expedition, started to explore the range, minerals and furs drove the initial economic exploitation of the mountains, although the range itself never became densely populated.  the canadian rockies (french: rocheuses canadiennes) comprise the canadian segment of the north american rocky mountains. they are the eastern part of the canadian cordillera, which is a system of multiple ranges of mountains which runs from the canadian prairies to the pacific coast. the canadian rockies mountain system comprises the southeastern part of this system, laying between the interior plains of alberta and northeastern british columbia on the east to the rocky mountain trench of bc on the west. the southern end borders idaho and montana of the usa. in geographic terms the boundary is at the canada/us border, but in geological terms it might be considered to be at marias pass in northern montana. the northern end is at the liard river in northern british columbia. --------------------- thank you for watching! please like, comment, subscribe and share with your friend! link download:  link subscribe:  rockies rockies mountains rockies mountain national park rockies mountains canada rocky mountains rocky mountains rocky mountains national park rocky mountains colorado rocky mountains canada canadian rockies rocheuses canadiennes
riding into the town of creston, bc its mid august of 2010 as we are approaching the town from the creston flats in the northwest.  after turning right and continuing south on hwy 3, the ride proceeds along the main street, passing two major landmarks 'the grain elevators' and then a left turn through the town centre.   soon after reaching the main shopping area, i turn into the esso gas station on 16 avenue and highway 3 for some fuel. *this video has been endorsed by the creston community website, please visit the link  for more information about creston*   music: click (after winter dreams) creston bc creston town creston valley adventure bc motorcycle riding british columbia biker canada canadian motorcycling climbing highway 3 bc hike hiking kootenay kootenays lake lakes landscapes motorcycle motorcycling motorcycle tour mountains outdoor sports pov rockies rocky rocky mountains salmo creston scenery tour touring tourism travel trip suzuki suzuki gt750
jetboating the mcgregors, northern bc jetboating in the mountains, kitchi river, british columbia. jetboat jay jetboat bc mountains
kluane national park and reserve: yukons authentic wilderness visit kluane national park and reserve in canada's yukon territory to see wildlife, glaciers and some of the tallest mountains on the north american continent. mountains non-polar ice field glaciers wildlife alaska cruise tours cruisetours yukon holland america line hal
meditation music by cari shigero (  ) and mike fijal. an audio visual aid to meditation, this video was carefully designed, drawing on deep ancient knowledge of audio-visual healing frequencies that stimulate those centers of the brain and chakras which resonate with innate healing capacities;)  captured at grassi lakes, alberta. music available on itunes: mike fijal meditation healing space trumpet guitar lakes alberta canada rocky mountains grassi lakes park mountain new-age music (musical genre) trail hiking
sentinel creek - pinto lake trail another attempt to explore on the pinto lake trail along cline river in the alberta rockies.  this time in search for sentinel creek falls.  i would later discover that the waterfall may be better seen in earlier summer or spring. mountain mountains canadian rockies (mountain range) alberta (canadian province) cline river david thompson pinto lake trail
drone over crowsnest pass please visit my website,   this video was taken in crowsnest pass, alberta, canada with a dji phantom 3 professional.   thanks to  for the royalty free music. drone photography aerial nature mountains
cariboo wilderness adventures_looking for bears_episode 1 shot in the cariboo wilderness, british columbia. lee walters is a 3rd generation guide and knows just where to find the interesting things in the vast cariboo wilderness. please leave your questions in the comments. cariboo wilderness adventures williams lake british columbia bc canada lee walters dan audiotomic bear goat moose duck loon wild animals great outdoors beautiful mountains mountain guide guiding outdoor tour private jason beauchene horsefly wonderful green lakes river rivers slide bowl hike hiking spotting bird birds elk deer sheep bighorn big horn grizzly blackbear brownbear grizzlybear doe mule horse atv boats boating paddle canoe hunting hunter expert
base jump antrtida base jump na antrtida, 27hrs de subida e escalada pra 1000m de queda livre, isso sim  um salto pra poucos, um salto que tem que se lutar para merecer! base basejumping jumping crazy radical cliff jumps escalada climbing mountain canyon national mountains trail
along the david thompson hwy - phantom 3 taking the david thompson highway west from red deer, alberta, is probably the least known, but most scenic route into the canadian rockies from alberta mountains alberta david thompson hwy alberta highway 11 canada rocky mountains (mountain range) phantom 3 dji aerial video quadcopter helicopter rc
riding the duffey lake road in bc, part 1 after passing the storage building at the western end of the road we are now on the north side of the valley in the duffey lake region.  from here its a cool ride through the curves towards the small wooden bridge over cayoosh creek which puts us onto the southern side of the valley. then we ride along the south side of duffey lake until we make a stop near its eastern side by the boat ramp road.    music:  space and time (long edit) (009 sound system) duffey lake duffey lake road adventure bc motorcycle riding british columbia biker canada canadian motorcycling cayoosh creek creek climbing hike hiking hwy 99 lakes landscapes motorcycle motorcycling motorcycle tour mountains nature outdoor sports pov rocky rockies rocky mountains ride riding rivers scenery tour touring tourism travel trip suzuki suzuki bandit.
o-cnn: canada day 2016, eh! summer is here. travel to canmore community, alberta read more about this video here:   we are the two cowboys travelling the world, in search of people that make things. we showcase the awesomeness in communities all over canada, u.s. and new zealand. we are a social enterprise. we are funded through donations and sponsorship. all our earnings are applied back to covering our costs of marketing and promoting producers and inspiring local communities.  please help us to bring you more of these programs by supporting us on patreon:  or on gofundme:   canada day is the national day of canada. as a federal statutory holiday, it celebrates the anniversary of the july 1, 1867, enactment of the constitution act, 1867 (then called the british north america act, 1867). canada existed prior to 1867 within both the french and british empires.   canada day is frequently referred to as "canada's birthday", and the first day of summer. this is a misnomer, as canada day is the anniversary of only one important national milestone on the way to the country's full independence.   no matter which day is really canada's day, we are proud to be part of this great place and community in the north, every day (2016)!!  enjoy our video of this year's celebration in canmore, alberta.   get rewarded for supporting our local producers. receive special offers and invitations from the two cowboys:  please help us to bring you more of these programs by supporting us on patreon:   two cowboys bring you canada's cowboy news network. we support communities by covering real people, real events at real locations. you should see them!!   and  funny tourism banff vacation travel destination 2016 inspiration community food stampede video breakfast calgary canadian producer beer producers profiled productions business liberty create free market produce make two cowboys canada day canmore alberta canada cowboy news network o-cnn celebration pancakes parade floats canada's birthday fun concert flowers summer horses laughing parade day canmore business and tourism summer 2016 canmore business restaurants mountains maker
boattrip eagle eye adventures - gopro hero 3+ - campbell river - canada we booked a boat trip with eagle eye adventures (located in campbell river) to spot whales, orca's seals,dolphins and to go on a bear trip. you see my selfie stick with the gopro hero 3+ when we take the boat trip back to campbell river. great day!   subscribe here:   instagram me:   facebook me:   tweet me:  eagle eye adventures eagle eye canada campbell river vancouver island ca bear whales boat gopro gopro stick stick hero 3 trip whale (animal) camera vancouver island (geographical feature) birds zodiac vancouver island outdoor adventure wildlife explore world fun cool selfie heidiefocus yellow speedboat rocky mountains mountains seals orca cruise canada binne-louw katsma photography worldwide ocean dolpins alberta
beautiful bella coola - an fsx movie taking the fsx beaver dhc-2 for a short trip on a gorgeous sunday morning!  bella coola is one very beautiful valley in the most western part of canada, british columbia! the most important fact making bella coola so attractive surely are the hundreds of mountain lakes located everywhere around the valley and bella coola itself, which of course are great to land on with float and amphibian-aircraft!    the scenery (freeware!) was created by holger sandmann and is available for download at avsim! i've also used active sky x and x-graphics, which definately makes sunsets and sunrises look way better and more beautiful than the fsx-defaults!    sit back and enjoy the ride in one of the most beautiful and most amazing places in the whole world - bella coola!    music:     track #1: "the world through you" by david fonseca    track #2: "john's woodshed" (world trade center piano theme) by craig armstrong bella coola fsx microsoft flight simulator asx active sky graphics canada sunset mountains dawn beaver dhc-2 wtc 9/11 british columbia fs9 fs2004
prince rupert b.c. - a collection of hd footage continued.... still a work in progress..... to be continued....... prince rupert british columbia north coast canada adventure prince rupert wilderness mountains ocean waterfront eagles whales wolves deer first nations small town
sana & logan - wild & free, ultra romantic horse engagement session in vernon, bc visit  to see our blog post on this session.  all images and video  kevin trowbridge photography  slideshow music licensed via the music bed kelowna wedding photographer engagement session couple's portraits okanagan summer picnic field lake horses fun mountains dog couple in water
beautiful nelson kootenay lake in the spring, summer and fall nestled in the lush valley of the selkirk mountains, on a magnificent expanse of glacier-fed lakshore, lie the vibrant communities of nelson, balfour, ainsworth hot springs, kaslo and meadow creek.   explore what british columbia has to offer!  far out, for real. nelson (city/town/village) kootenay lake (lake) summer tourism (industry) british columbia (canadian province) beautiful kaslo (city/town/village) balfour (city/town/village) ainsworth (city/town/village) mountains selkirk mountains (mountain range)
autumn landscape photography 2011 livingstone range & oldman river in southwest alberta a short documentary-style presentation of still images and video covering highlights from an annual photography and camping trip; this time to the scenic livingstone range and oldman river recreational area part of the eastern slopes of the rocky mountains north from highway 3 in southwest alberta, canada. jessifur, our energetic 4 1/2 year old belgian shepherd dog (malinois) has such a commanding presence that she has easily taken the lead role! diana alex inselberg studios photography livingstone range oldman river alberta belgian shepherd malinois rocky mountains dog canada
hot springs at cave and basin - banff, alberta - canada join us at the cave and basin national historic site.  we are in the town of banff, alberta within the canadian rocky mountains.  this site is a natural thermal mineral springs around which canada's first national park, banff national park, was established. tourism tour cave natural spring underground mineral pools canada park mountain canyon national mountains hiking trail swimming pool swim pool swimming water underwater hot springs vintage swimming pool
skiing charlie's bowl, marmot basin, jasper national park skiing down charlie's bowl to the upper chalet at marmot basin. jasper national park, alberta, canada.  january 2013. skiing (sport) jasper national park (protected site) marmot basin (ski area) alberta (canadian province) outdoors sports mountains jasper mountain downhill skiing canada (country) atomic skis rocky mountains chalet snow go-pro hero3 charlie's bowl
awesome views - mt. norquay - banff, alberta some beautiful views from mt. norquay on a sunny day. mt norquay mount mountain view pretty awesome beauty park cool canyon mountains nice big chair north american lift tea house
aerial view of alexandra falls - hay river northwest territories canada alexandra falls - taken august 16,2015. watch in hd for better viewing, enjoy!  the alexandra falls (slavey: hatto deh naili is a 32 m (105 ft)waterfall located on the hay river in the northwest territories. the falls, the third highest in the nwt, form part of the twin falls gorge territorial park and has its own day use area with a 3 km (1.9 mi) trail to the main campsite at louise falls, the second of the twin falls. situated on the mackenzie highway the falls are about 10 km (6.2 mi) southwest of enterprise and 43 km (27 mi) southwest of hay river. - wikipedia.org  traditional dene lore says that the two falls are two spirits, grandmother and grandfather, who protect the area.  tags: aerial photography , drone , dji phantom 1 2 3 dji phantom , waterfalls scenic high-def canada 3dr solo yuneec typhon drone uav video amazing awesome northwest territories canada spectacular extreme drone quadcopter hexacopter mapping northwest territories (canadian territory) canada (country) highest falls waterfalls hay river (city/town/village) scenic yellowknife (city/town/village) climbing mountain canyon national mountains trail park nature hiking ridge national park (iucn category) alexandra falls (location) dji phantom aerial photography (website category) drone unmanned aerial vehicle (aircraft type) epic beautiful awesome travel vacation driving destination indian canadian
alberta skies - a time-lapse tribute i present a 5-minute music video featuring a montage of time-lapse imagery of the alberta night sky, over the mountains, prairies, and badlands of southern alberta.  the music is the wonderful version by alberta singer/songwriter ian tyson of the classic western song home on the range, from his 1992 album and stood there amazed. it is used by kind and written permission of ian tyson and stony plain records.  i shot sequences in the video using static cameras and also using motion control gear from dynamic perception, emotimo, and radian/alpine labs. the sequences are from 2011 to 2016. processing is with adobe camera raw, lrtimelapse, photoshop, and sequence.  thanks for watching!  -- alan, july 2016  (amazingsky.com) alberta time-lapse nightscape ian tyson home on the range astrophotgraphy prairie mountains rockies western amazingsky and stood there amazed music video northern lights dinosaur provinicial park aurora stars banff abandoned barn farm dynamic perception emotimo lrtimelapse radian alpine laboratories motion control
a virtual fly-by of the ketza river mine, yukon with the aid of google earth, the flight simulator capability and a video screen capture tool i created a "flight" over a little know mine site in the wilderness of the yukon google earth flight simulator yukon ketza river mountains
banff national park adventures part 1 banff national park outside calgary, alberta, canada in the canadian rockies is one of the most stunning places in the world. that's why millions of people a year travel to see its jagged mountain peaks, hanging glaciers, emerald lakes and raging rivers and roaring waterfalls. larry richardson created this video using an iphone 6s and imovie for richardsonartphotographystore.com. canada canadian canadian rockies rockies mountains glaciers rivers waterfalls icefields icefields parkway lakes emerald lakes lake louise
two cowboys: come for the view and stay for comfort at murrieta's in canmore, alberta read more about this video here:   we are the two cowboys travelling the world, in search of people that make things. we showcase the awesomeness in communities all over canada, u.s. and new zealand.   we are a social enterprise. we are funded through donations and sponsorship. all our earnings are applied back to covering our costs of marketing and promoting producers and inspiring local communities.  please help us to bring you more of these programs by supporting us on patreon:  or on gofundme:   murrieta's restaurant in canmore, alberta  murrieta's is a restaurant with white tablecloths, starched napkins and silverware that includes more than one knife and fork. you will find more than one wine glass at your table, which is necessary when you discover their extensive list of wines on offer. however, murrieta's is not pretentious. it is a comfortable place where you can bring your wife and girlfriend, out-of-town business guests or the whole family on a sunday to have comforting well-prepared food.   everyone is going to get something they like off the expansive menu and people won't look funny at you when you accidentally drop your fork.  come for the view, the ambience, and the food. if you are local, come to see friends at canmore's original white tablecloth restaurant. the place with the best views in town.   get rewarded for supporting our local producers. receive special offers and invitations from the two cowboys:   book us here:   we celebrate producers, production, and the prime movers everywhere: people that make things create our society and build our communities. they drive the engine of our world. we should know more about them, and be inspired by what they do. we should learn from them, and discover for ourselves the value of making something.  our mantra is: "i made this". if you make something, we are interested in featuring you on our channel. please get in touch:  &  &  producers profiled productions business liberty create free market produce make two cowboys murrieta's canmore alberta restaurant fine dining tourism travel chef murrietas canmore cowboy news network dining in canmore wine fine food bar food comfort views mountains rocky mountains bow valley canada community food banff calgary patreon dinner celebration restaurants two cowboys and a camera food festival cooking small business beer vacation destination rockies business
fsx breathtaking graphics | a2a c172 | orbx ftx pacific fjords enjoy breathtaking views as i take you around on a short flight from stewart airport (czst) (british columbia, canada) to the salmon gacier and back. scenery addons: orbx global base,  orbx global vector, orbx pacific fjords, orbx stewart airport aircraft addon: a2a c172 tools: fsrecorder, ezdok, a2a accufeel weather addon: active sky next sp1 graphics addon: rex 4.0 intel quad-core i7-4790k (4.6ghz) | nvidia geforce gtx 780 ti (oc) microsoft flight simulator x (video game) cessna 172 (aircraft model) aircraft (type of fictional setting) landing airport airplane plane amazing airport station (transit stop) stewart ftx orbx pacific fjords mountains glacier graphics realism fsx addons a2a c172 fjord (geographical feature category) simulation take off flight river creek lake
wagon ride & cowboy cookout tour in banff, alberta on a road trip in their acura mdx, mike & his family make a stop in banff, alberta . they take in the beautiful mountain scenery in a wagon trail ride along the bow river  and have lunch at a cowboy cookout. the tour included horse-drawn wagon ride, steak lunch, calf roping lessons, a game of horse shoes! fun for the whole family! for more information about visiting banff, check out  banff alberta tour visit visiting travel horseback trail horse carriage wagon mountains scenery tourism ideas family kids lunch meal steak bbq cookout cowboy banff trail riders review things to do national park explore adventure view views river bow river ride rides western banff lake louise outdoors wilderness guided trails sundance canyon trail horses games calf roping learn horseshoes fun
pitt-addington marsh bc parks: pitt-addington marsh wildlife management area, 60 km from vancouver at the south end of pitt lake. "pitt lake is the largest tidal freshwater lake in the world. there is a rare reverse delta at the mouth of the pitt river, a result of deposition which occurs when rapidly flooding tides dam and reverse the main fraser river outflow back up into pitt lake." lake marsh mountains canada british columbia parks
winter in kin coulee park, medicine hat since i had to work christmas, my wife and i were unable to be down in medicine hat till the week after the holidays. one of the days we went for a walk in kin coulee park, a large park in the middle of the city. we mainly stayed in the dog park area, since it is more natural looking than the other parts of the park. you can even see the spot where my wife and i got married in the final shot of the video.   shot on a gopro hero 4 at 1080p/60fps stabilized using a glidecam iglide edited on adobe premiere pro cc  thanks for watching!   subscribe for more videos from journey alberta here:   official website:   follow on twitter:   follow on facebook:   hiking guide blog posts:   hiking guide playlist:   south western alberta playlist:   landscapes playlist:   medicine hat playlist:   calgary parks playlist:   kananaskis playlist:   drayton valley area playlist:   special videos playlist:   editing laptop specifications: msi ge72 laptop, full hd screen, 16 gb ram, nvidia gtx970 3gb graphic card, 2.7ghz i7 turbo to 3.5ghz, 1 tb 7200rpm and a 128 gb ssd hard drives. shawn norris canada alberta adventures journey calgary gopro hero four black silver premiere pro mountains glidecam iglide edmonton drayton valley medicine hat waterton lethbridge red deer banff kananaskis kin coulee park prairie land wind winter is coming walk path dog discover bridge creek water flow ice snow season holidays christmas 2016
helicopter to mt. assiniboine naiset hut, hiking the rocky mountains we flew by helicopter into and out of the mt. assiniboine lodge at the beginning of july, 2014. located high in the rocky mountains near the b.c. alberta border, melting snow fed rushing streams and waterfalls. the scenery was stunningly beautiful. we stayed in the rustic naiseth huts and ate our meals in the well equipped and clean kitchen building. there are lots of hiking options, across wide meadows and up to lookouts above the treeline. we didn't see any bears, but there were signs that they had been there last year. we didn't, but you can hike in and out, camp in tents, or stay in the lodge and have your meals prepared. mount mt. assiniboine lodge naiset hut national provincial park b.c. alberta canadian rocky mountains hike naismith
aerial view of great slave lake near giant gold mine and greatslave sailing club yellowknife northwest territories - aerial view of great slave lake near greatslave sailing club and giant gold mine.  location: 62.48701 -114.36326 temp: +2c great slave lake (lake) boat lake (geographical feature category) water yellowknife (city/town/village) gold (chemical element) photography (visual art form) aerial drones dji phantom 1 2 3 inspire awesome great scenery beautiful aerial photography (website category) cool funny mountain climbing park mountains nice canyon best trail amazing hiking good sweet nature national ridge
golfing at silvertip july 2013 this is a video of me and my bro golfing at the silvertip golf course in canmore, alberta.  for more information, visit their website here:   all video footage was shot with my gopro hero 3.  the music was created by myself. you can find this track and more sample based hip hop beats on my soundcloud page:   i hope you enjoy. thanks for watching. silvertip golf course golfing canmore alberta canada dustygroove mountains nature water nike ping callaway gopro hero 3 forest trees tee shot resort course par bogey birdie eagle ryan leschuk cory leschuk
financial planning company in toronto mississauga ontario canada de thomas financial  a financial investment planning company with offices in toronto, ontario, mississauga, british columbia bc, canada ca and windsor, woodbridge, quebec, de thomas financial can help you with your financial goals anywhere in canada. from investments, to portfolio management and managing to retirement planning, canada rrsp plans, tfsa help, mutual funds and beyond let de thomas financial help you achieve your financial investment planning goals. financial planner plan investment advice retirement planning rrsp tfsa canada ontario mississauga quebec british columbia investments portfolio manager advisor mutual funds bc ca toronto (city/town/village) vancouver montreal
inside passage canoe video 7, sailing inside galiano island, bc some nasty seas! inside passage video 7 documents my time sailing tight inside galiano island, bc and getting the #$%* scared out of me when attempting to sail my canoe cross the channel.   sailing inside passage canoe galiano island bc seas wheelsafloat british columbia (canadian province) ocean boat canada (country)
cars collide at rise up concert in prince albert, saskatchewan rise up concert may 30, 2015 prince albert, saskatchewan thatconradguy music talent singer guitar drummer bass aboriginal 'prince albert shopper' 'prince albert catholic family services' ' northwest waste management' ' sasktel communications' ' sasktel' ' james smith first nation' 'prince albert indian and metis friendship center' ' conrad burns' ' danny merasty' ' patricia crowe' ' saskatchewan indian gaming authority' 'lawrence joseph' 'cars collide' 'smokey campbell'
dave and amy freeman's wedding dave and amy freeman leave their wedding ceremony by dogsled limousine on white iron lake near ely, minnesota, march 21st, 2010. dogsled wilderness white iron lake
crown land camping expedition - northern ontario (november 13, 2015) we returned to our favourite backcountry basecamp just north of midland/bala area. bradley took the (canon 70d) dslr in with us this time, so we filmed some decent video of the (wet) trek in.  view blog entry:   watch in hd!  about canadian pathfinders: find a line. cross it.  were a bunch of friends exploring the great canadian wilderness. were big fans of off-grid camping, bushcraft, survival and the great outdoors.  learn more about us:   reach out to us! twitter:  facebook:  instagram:  pinterest:  google+:   all music licensed under attribution-noncommercial-noderivatives 4.0 international ( northern ontario (location) crown land ontario (canadian province) hiking (sport) bushcraft survival survivalist off grid northern exploration (literature subject) wilderness sks tactical guns firearm (sports equipment) tactical sks bug out best bug out gear camping backcountry eberlestock g4 mec nalgene (brand) nalgene fishing rod gsi outdoors (brand) snow peak titanium spork survival skills (tv genre) canada (country) pathfinders
canadian beaver, yukon, canada beaver family around there dens   nature outdoors wilderness oldlandytours alaska usa canada mexico belize parks animals hiking alaska to tierra del fuego
koze gone wild | winter frenzy for one of the last weekend of the winter, we decided to take a moment out in the quebec wilderness. a short but fun trip in the outaouais. on the menu, skiing and snowboarding off-road, cliff jumping, fire and obviously firework ;)  let us know what you think of this video and stay tuned for our next project!   instagram @kozetv snapchat : teamkoze twitter @kozetv    filmed with: sony a7s ii canon 5d iii dji phantom 3 pro  location:  parc rgional du poisson blanc canada winter snow ski firework fire travel wilderness outdoor quebec
spring thaw on the current river the goal was to hike along the current river, view the spring thaw, and reach the remains of the dam that once held onion lake. the recent high temperatures had caused more melting than anticipated. silliness and nonsense happened as wet feet could not be avoided. spirits remained high, and we had a good hike despite needing to turn back early due to water levels across the road. spring spring thaw thaw thawing seasons seasonal ice melt ice melting melt melting ice snow melt river rapids hike hiking wet feet leprechauns adventure funny comedy fail fails nature nature walk woods forest wilderness ontario northern ontario thunder bay tbay current river lakehead the lakehead onion lake onion lake dam wolf daughter aubrey pugh explore exploration canada go pro gopro flooding flood therian therianthropy therian life wolf therian
south bentinck arm october 2013 invictus, a 32' nordic tug, cruising on a beautiful foggy autumn morning in south bentinck arm near bella coola, british columbia coast shaughnessy wilderness peter shaughnessy nordic tugs boating bella coola invictus bc coast nordic tug british columbia cruise trawlers south bentinck arm cruising adventure west
victoria bc johnson street bridge demolition a victim of neglect; the beginning of the end for our iconic blue bridge.  in 2011 the city of victoria,british columbia, canada decided to replace the 87 year old johnson street blue bridge.  the structure, designed in 1920 and completed in 1924, is one of the few remaining josephstrauss designed bascule bridges left in north america. of particular note are the two adjacent bascule spans carrying road and rail traffic respectively.  joseph strauss later went on to design san francisco's golden gate bridge.  on friday february 24th 2012, demolition of the blue bridge began with the removal of the rail bascule;  perhaps severing forever, victoria's historic rail link to the rest of vancouver island.  city council chose not to include a rail component in the new design.  the city of victoria publishes their johnson street bridge info. here:   the project is not without controversy and other information is available at:   and...  amongst others...  history buffs, have a look here:   ....and don't forget wikipedia:   etc., etc.  this short video marks  the beginning of the end for our iconic blue bridge.  if only there had been a proper maintenance plan in place through the years.... controversy aside, the start of demolition was spectacular....and yes it was raining hard that day!  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- update. april 2012. read david broadland's analysis in victoria's focus magazine...  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- update. april 2012. by patrick murphy, a letter writer to victoria's focus magazine...   "smoke and mirrors at city hall  for those who have not watched a sheep-herding demonstration, i commend to you a victoria city council committee of the hopeless i snoozed through recently.  in march this flock met to hear from its highly-paid ring knockers about why the new blue bridge is going to cost 20 percent more for now and probably double before it is never built. for hours these so-called professionals droned on and the dutiful flock did not even ask the traditional "how high?" when staff told them to jump. the issue was why the price had gone up so dramatically over what voters had been promised in a referendum. a full report was presented two days prior to the meeting, but since our councillors are not bright enough to read it, the gang of engineers read it to them, and, oh what a song and dance it was.  why, they have to pay more for insurance on construction. there would be more millions for archaeological costs. who would have thunk you would have to get insurance on a project? and what a surprise to discover first nations had lived there. i wonder if they lived anywhere else in the province?  the presentation was mind-boggling. one consultant gave a power point show of bridge designs and noted they were in 3d. one of several thousand examples given of bridges that may or may not be built was in ireland with a prison in the background where "irish independents" were kept, so this showed what a bridge could do. was this a sales pitch for a new bridge or an explanation of why costs had gone through the roof? one thing made clear was that all these bridges were "iconic." then there was the startling revelation that the seabed was irregular. apparently, it started high and went down. guess no previous bridge builder here had discovered that.  all this was in the report, but none of the sheep said "get on with it. we know your smoke and mirrors: why has the bill gone up?"  great blather was made of the fact the whole project had been peer reviewed. who were these peersthe smurfs?  no one suggested the staff overseeing this should be fired. no one suggested the engineers be fired and it was time to cut losses and re-evaluate with someone who knew what they were doing.  no, it was the old saw of "we have spent this much already, so we might as well carry on."  so when a new bridge does openmaybein 12 years, the cost will be closer to $200 million. who would have thought the province was so wise in keeping out of this farce?  patrick murphy" --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- victoria bc canada ctv news vancouver island civi channel 12 television erin glazier johnson street bridge blue rail bridge deconstruction bye bye big blue =johnson street bridge+blue bridge+victoria bc+barge+canada+vancouver island+cityscape+time-lapse arctic tuk arctic+tuk joseph+strauss golden gate demolition victoria bc transport barge
sailing lunasea sailing my sailboat in okanagan lake near kelowna bc sailing kelowna okanangan lake
crazy caw!  mvi 0681
trail camera bush hike alberta.wmv hiking in alberta bush & scouting & setting up my trail camera.  i get disgusted with the damage recreational a.t.vs have done this spring!  we look for morels & shed antlers.  we saw a lot of stuff eagles, owls, deer, but no video moments of them. hiking trail camera alberta canada tracks wolf tracks. nature outdoors wilderness
bell island; no place like home bell island is my hometown and i love it, even my grandchildren who were born in ontario love it.  i lived away most of my life and yet, newfoundland and labrador is still home, especially bell island.  i go there often and it's so scenic that i never go without my camera.  the pictures in this video are all mine and are all taken on bell island. bell island wabana home no place like damian follett newfoundland and labrador
stp kids (st. theresa point) island lake mb thats was from benos area st. theresa point stp stp kids gh wass island lake crazy people st. theresa point st
black bear i seen this bear along my way to cochrane ontario. bear attack black northern ontario canada cochrane manitoulin island wikwemikong mukwa
pangurtung youth psa with going miles leadership program & ccsa dakota house and scott ward in partnership with ccsa held workshops in the community of pangurtung, nunavut in january 2010. this is a workshop creation where we gave the youth an idea to create a commercial or psa to show canada and the world ways to create a heathly lifestyle in the north. ccsa dakota house scott ward actor native hypnotist tv teevee pangurtung nunuvut baffin island youth inspirational motivational going miles
manitoulin island sunsets various sunsets, most of which were photographed from spider bay marina in little current, manitoulin island, ontario, canada sunsets manitoulin island little current north channel spider bay nature destination travel log events
welcome to quadra island visit beautiful quadra island, british columbia, canada. enjoy our charming rural community on a memorable vacation or getaway weekend. outdoor recreation hiking, kayaking or cycling is as good as it gets. see creative island artists at work and take home a local work for a souvenir. participate in one of quadra island's annual festivals. it's simply paradise! quadra island bc british columbia canada visit travel tourism welcome vancouver adventure bike hike kayak seakayak artists culture first nations
meduses a terre neuve fogo island 2009 mduse filme a terre neuve dans l'ile de fogo, dbut aot 2009.  elle semble pondre des ufs sur les bancs rocheux de la cote.  medusa filmed in newfoundland in the island of fogo, beginning of august 2009.  it seems to lay eggs on the rocky shoals of the coast. meduses terre neuve fogo island 2009 mvi 1863
killarney provincial park, ontario french river, cranberry bog trail, chikanishing trail  for more pictures go to:  french river killarney provincial park river bog park provincial bay ontario canada hiking trail chikanishing trail canberry bog trail lake island georgian lake a.y.jackson lake georgian bay george island huron pictures travel photography
part 2  algonquin park, tim lake solo camping 2013 this is part 2 of my tim lake camping video blog.. lots of loons, nice views..  tim lake is a easy paddle into algonquin, except when the wind is blowing hard. my trip out at the end consisted of battling a 15-20k wind all the way back to the parking lot. there are 6 campsites on the lake, most of them not particularly good for children. sharp drop offs into deep water, and lots of kiddie loving leaches. once you find a good place to camp with children, you have to train children to camp in the woods. among other things, you should inform them that bears love little children. if their nice and quiet, the bears will not know they are even there. but, once they start yelling, screaming, crying, the bears will know exactly where they are and come looking for them..........at night..........in the dark...(''')-.-(''')     so, if your camping the interior of algonquin, please keep your children quiet for every ones sake. particularly theirs! the bears, and other campers will appreciate it! you might even get to see some other wildlife....they appreciate quiet too... :=) algonquin solo camping loons bears children noise peace and quiet tim lake tim river island
taxi boats in moosonee 2009 november 26th before dawn on a cloudy day, taxi boats in moosonee, ontario on the moose river. driver bert macdonald stands on shore while driver roger nakogee heads to moose factory with his passengers. unseasonably warm weather has kept the moose river free of ice much later than usual. moosonee boat taxi river moose factory transportation unseasonal ice dock roger nakogee bert macdonald canoe
hiking documentary - adventure on trans canada trail (elliot lake) hiking documentary - adventure on trans canada trail (elliot lake).  second of 2 parts. in this episode, we are documenting a tct trail section between spine beach thru spruce beach ending at westview park in the city of elliot lake. this is a thorough review of this waterfront walkway. with fall colours as its theme. i will explore and discover other tct sections in future episodes. this is the first of 2 episodes. please stay tuned. and so you don't miss future episodes, please subscribe to my channel, as it will only get better.  see the map on   "prepping for an appalachian trail thru hike in 2018" trans canada trail hiking elliot lake ontario outdoors outside walking adventure exercise wilderness wildlife chipmunk beach canada short film documentary
dji phantom flight over o'reilly lake this is where my wife and i have spent pretty much every spring, summer and fall weekend for the past 2 1/2 years. a wonderful place to get away from the rigours of life.  i've been flying drones for about 2 years now and this is the first actual video i've decided to make from my most recent flights.  i hope you enjoy.  the temperature of the air on the bow of the kaleetan by chris zabriskie is licensed under a creative commons attribution license ( source:  artist:   follow me... instagram -  twitter -  youtube -  entertainment video ottawa ontario canada phantom drone dji lake quadcopter lakeshore cottagecountry cottage flight island boat beach o'reilly lake campground sharbot lake
big sand lake lodge ice breaker 2 murdock spence guide , general manager rick bohna and robert dumas venture out on big sand lake manitoba, canada 2 of 5. ganglers nueltin seal river knee lake molson gods lake elk island grass river american plan
golden dragonfly filmed at hecla island, manitoba, canada 2007 hecla island nature celtic legend llewellyn dragonfly summer tranquility
high above island #10 on bear lake ontario, canada here is a video i captured while vacationing at bear lake in ontario canada.  it combines an aerial view of the beautiful surrounding wilderness along with some great classical music, i hope you enjoy it. dji phantom drone canidian wilderness classical borodin flying video island toronto bear lake ontario killarney provincial park
manitoulin island swing bridge the bridge swings open every hour on the hour to let vessels pass by. located in little current, ontario manitoulin island bridge swing canal locks water huron river little current
frozen lake erie (1-23-16) a frozen lake erie off the shores of cleveland, ohio. this video was recorded on january 23rd, 2016 (1-23-2016) from whiskey island and gordon park, across from the lake shore coal plant.  interested in local history? check out my history website:  lake erie snow winter cleveland ohio lake erie cuyahoga river frozen lake let it go cleveland winter cuyahoga river oh cle matt nowak historyeveryday.org water ice snowflakes historyeveryday history whiskey island whiskey island powerplant power plant coal gordon park gordon park
snapvideo: grizzly unge med sin mor p bute inlet, british columbia, canada ls om autocamperturen til vancouver island her:  anne vibeke anne-vibeke rejser annevibekerejser rejseavisen dk4 campingdanmark canada vestcanada british columbia calgary skeena blue river blueriver prince rupert princerupert vancouver island vancaouverisland campbell tofino victoria camper autocamperferie rv canadream kr-selv-ferie ferie rundrejser grizzly bjrnesafari hvalsafari vancouver island (island) risskov travel partner bute inlet (location) british columbia (canadian province)
newfoundland accordion - jigs melanie penton from the fogo island accordion group, with her cousin aaron brown playing a set of tunes at the fogo island brimstone head folk festival, august 2010.    enjoy!   please rate, comment & subscribe! brimstone head folk festival fogo island button accordion group jigs tunes irish newfie music
lake of the woods from above aerial video of middle island and the surrounding area at lake of the woods in kenora, ontario. filmed with a 3dr iris+ and gopro hero 3. lake of the woods (lake) kenora (city/town/village) ontario (canadian province) canada (country) lake (geographical feature category) 3dr unmanned aerial vehicle (aircraft type) 3d robotics 3dr iris iris + cabin camping (literature subject) middle island middle island (us census designated place) aerial photography (website category) sunset (literature subject) dog (domesticated animal) summer cottage (accommodation type) wilderness (quotation subject)
sailing lake winnipeg a brief look at lake winnipeg, manitoba, canada and sail boat owners exploring many scenic areas of the lake. sailing lake winnipeg boats travel log
minnewanka out with the guys mountains
sailing & lake trout surfing, lake agnes, quetico provincial park  canoeing quetico provincial park lenzinger outfitters canoe sailing lake trout
downtown st. john's, newfoundland  st. john's newfoundland the rock coloured houses jellybean row canada east coast maritimes fishing harbour phantom dji drone cities newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) downtown st. john's (location) jim b
god's lake narrows 2007 hunting moose lake pike fishing
a visit to banff national park in alberta canada muskrat jim heads west to the canadian rockies and banff national park in alberta canada. #banff #rockymountains bushcraft survival wilderness outdoors backpacking wildernesssurvival banff national park (protected site) vacation (film)
newfoundland at it's best offers scenic pictures of nature and wildlife in central newfoundland, brought to you by sandy lake lodge, newfoundland. wildlife nature lakes rivers bogs scenery fishing lodge hunting lodges sandy lake lodge newfoundland
sailing in november sailing our us 22 sailboat, vesper, from nepean sailing club, ottawa in winds of 8-12 knots on lac deschnes, part of the ottawa river on a really lovely fall day. this was our 24th sail of the year and the last for 2016.  the music is "under a blackened sun", by jono bacon. music is under a creative commons attribution-sharealike 3.0 unported license. website:   our home website is   this video was created with pitivi 0.97 running on the lubuntu 16.04 lts linux-based operating system. sail sailing boat boating us 22 sailboat
bwcaw sep 10-21, 2014, finger lake (64 of 113) finally, after 6 years, garland and i return to contentment lake.  here, we're just paddling across the lake, taking in the beautiful scenery. boundary waters canoe area wilderness (protected site) contentment lake canoeing fishing paddling
huge black bear crossing the river in canada huge wild black bear swimming across river in canada.....amazing footage of the big creature swimming with all his might to get to the other side of this fast moving river in canada black bears huge black bears swimming bears canadian bears fishing with bears bear attacks gigantic bear wild bear on the loose amazing bear footage biggest black bear record bear sighting automobiles fishing outdoors
potter rapids 2014 my second time running up potter rapids.  special thanks to my friend richard for showing me how, and filming the video. rapids potter rapids churchill river lund fishing stanley mission
fall over nova scotia fall flight telemaster rc electric giant tow aerotow maiden flight soaring telemaster mini plane airplane radio controlled elektro afstandbestuurbaar vliegtuig speed 280 graupner cam seaplane multiplex mentor mentor on floats floatplane seaplane multiplex rc trainer 40 size radio controlled aircraft plane foam artf control rtf model electric nitro ic battery
voices of bute inlet (part 1 of 2) bute inlet is on the front line for corporate greenwash and environmental devastation.  this wilderness is threatened by a mammoth industrial power project under the guise of "green power".  private companies are running amok in bc, staking claim to creeks and rivers for private power generation.  bute inlet, known as bc's himalayas, has been staked by plutonic power and general electric for a proposed 1,000 megawatt project which would put 17 rivers into pipes.  home to the last sustainable population of grizzly bears on the coast, "supernatural bc" stands to lose a gem of it's crown, and public control of it's power assets... bute inlet ipp energy electricity corruption bc hydro ge general electric plutonic power bc liberals energy plan green energy greenwash wilderness grizzly bears salmon environment sustainability mt. waddington coast range hamathco privatization water save our rivers wilderness committee climate change
muskrat, yukon, canada  nature outdoors wilderness oldlandytours alaska usa canada mexico belize parks animals hiking alaska to tierra del fuego
survival heating tool "firewaall-003" made in canada design by sportes inc. copyright 2016  100% made in canada pre order on our web site   ''firewaal with two ''a'' 'because we burn wood better outdoors''      the firewaall-003 is an outdoor heating wood-burning tool for one to two people camping or surviving in nature. compact and movable, it plays the role of raised rack + wood distributor and heat reflector to the fireplace.   100% made in canada  3/32 "thick laser cut / folded stainless steel 304l   4,5 lb   width 13 inches x 13,25 inches high  four main components:  1 perforated base plate / combustion chamber 1 separator / wood rack 2 structural legs and dividers / wood rack  history  we observed that some extreme campers (bushcrafters) erected a wooden wall stacked horizontally behind their campfire to reflect the heat towards them. this method, apparently inspired by the sheet metal or the bricks at the back of the stoves and internal fireplaces, seemed laborious to implement. problems such as the significant upwards heat loss upward (usual on a campfire to the ground) added to the complexity and time of erecting a 'wall' behind the fire made no sense.  features   no tools required  no contact between floor and fire  oppportunity to make fire in any outdoor environment and conditions  self-feeding wood log supply by gravity  optimization of energy efficiency by reflecting heat and light  orientability of the fire depending on wind direction   optimization of the oxygen supply during combustion  mobility of the fire rack   the efficiency of combustion and the fluidity of gravity feeding of wood is extremely efficient and requires little effort. unlike a traditional fireplace open to the ground, the user does not have to blow the fireplace and go all around the pitt to push the burnt wood down to the center so the fire does not go out .   the firewaall-003 has been designed to provide:   more heat  more light  more combustion  less handling   credits:  host :         cedric sportes / founder sportes inc direction :  christophe terrade editing :      maxime dumont  music:        goodman by futuro pelo (benjamin sportes)   copyright 2016. canada (qc) camping surviving made in canada canada outdoors fire fire pitt bushcraft survival outdoorsmen nature design sportes outdoor tools sportes inc heat wood into the wild invention innovation tool tactical camp fire qubec sportes design by sportes inc prepper survie camp wilderness
rupert river reconnaissance 1961 by keith reiss 1961 flagged explorers club expedition intending to traverse the entire rupert river (northern quebec) from its origin in lac mistassini westward into the lower hudson bay (james bay). members: mardens, bird, reiss. this was 300 miles through unmapped virgin wilderness known to the cree people and a scant few adventurers. ill formed waterways and endless seemingly identical landscapesoffer little vantage for scouting the way forward. rupert river keith reiss explorers club wilderness rivers canadian rivers proshow exploration keithw. reiss
activities and homes on lake windermere or also known as invermere lake   activities and homes on lake windermere or also known as invermere lake activities and homes on lake windermere or also known as invermere
c-46 from buffalo air landing, a drive around hay river nwt well this was shot a month or two ago while i was in nwt.. i miss it up there . had a great time thanks again tbear !!  thanks for watching shacks homes drive hay river buffalo air c46 nwt yellowknife cigrits crazylogie pologize
raspberry point oysters wonderful salty taste, clean flavor with a delightful sweet finish.  each raspberry point oyster takes 6-7 years to reach market size due to our northern climate. our oysters grow in the clean, cool waters of the prince edward island national park. pei prince edward island raspberry point oysters oysters raspberry point harvesting
cold water scuba diving | sealions | hornby island |  vancouver island | bc by laurel piper laurel island hornby island (geographical feature) vancouver island (geographical feature) diving scuba diving (interest) sea lion island (island) british columbia (canadian province) cold water diving playing with sealions animal tracking tags branding underwater
part 1, algonquin park, tim lake solo camping august 2013 this is my first time back to tim lake in algonquin park in 8 years. i spent 6 nights from sunday august 4th to saturday august 10th. i usually camp at the same spot on this lake every time i'm in here. over the years i've probably spent 200 nights on the island. this is a video blog of this trip. i usually set up a base camp, and go out every day from there. i've been solo camping in algonquin since 1985. took 8 years off because my kids said i was getting too old to spend that much time alone in the woods, so i bought a bigger canoe (ebbtide cruiser, sleeps 4, 27 feet long). but that type of boating was not for me so i sold it, and i'm back in the park every summer until i'm 'really' too old to do this any more.. don't forget to watch part two, it's shorter, but more loon calls, and the windy paddle back. solo campming algonquin tim lake tim river canoe solo loons island too old
boat cruise - couchiching lock weekend a walk around lock #42 (couchiching lock), part of the 240 mile long trent severn waterway that connects lake ontario at trenton, ontario with georgian bay/lake huron at port severn, ontario.  location of this video: 44.76914 -79.35001  'montego' kevin macleod (incompetech.com) licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0   - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' lake simcoe marina lake huron lake couchiching (lake) marine waterway trent severn sailing boats couchiching boating tsw playlist boat georgian bay lock 42 lagoon city lake ontario
sailing and icebergs in newfoundland my weekend trip to the resettled community of exploits island in notre dame bay, newfoundland, canada sailing newfoundland icebergs boats outdoor sports cruise ocean marine yacht
2012 lake ontario r-class documentary at the nyc one design regatta this documentary was made during the 2012 lake ontario r class national yacht club one design regatta yacht race.  the documentary features the following r-class sloop boats: diana r-8 nayada r-20 vitesse r-3 gypsy r-13 fantome r-18 archer r-15  the film was produced by architectural photographer tomasz majcherczyk of  r-class lake ontario sailing universal rule yacht racing national yacht club toronto canada boat outdoor sports
semiahmoo bay regatta 2012 .wmv weekend sailing regatta in semiahmoo bay blaine wa. and white rock b.c.  music: cc by-nc-sa 3.0 open by emerald park and kopeika by et iycbc blaine wa whiterock b.c. semiahmoo bay regatta yacht racing sailing gopro j29 point roberts pryc ocean boat cruise marine islands water boats
van isle 360 sailing race to bc salmon farm     the save on foods van isle 360 international yacht race, which is celebrating its tenth anniversary this year, is one of the most unique yacht races anywhere. part of what makes it unique is that it is the only yacht race in the world to layover at a working salmon farm. van isle 360 yacht race sailing bc salmon farmers salmon farm hardwicke island sayward salmon farming campbell river vancouver island johnstone strait salmon barbeque slamon save on foods telegraph cove nanaimo marine harvest nanaimo harbour great people great salmon
sailing a wenonah itasca canoe on lake winnipeg north of grand rapids heading to norway house sailing (sport) lake winnipeg wenonah itasca sailing canoe canoe canoeing sailing paddling kayaking (sport) outdoor sports
sailing grand lake relaxing evening on grand lake, nb sailing
gopro boat cruise through buckhorn - sit back sunday sit back as we travel from (upper) buckhorn lake and through lock # 31 (buckhorn) to lower buckhorn lake. man, that's a lot of buckhorn's! located along ontario, canada's 240 mile long trent severn waterway.  video location: 44.55465 -78.34706  recorded july, 2014 with gopro hero 2.  - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun travel cruise trent severn waterway locks cruise tourist attraction (building function) sailing
grizzly mom and cub grizzlies in green inlet in princess royal channel on the bc coast. mother and  2-3 year old cub grazing spring diet of roots, silverweed and mussels - prefered sedges are late this year. grizzly wildlife sailing adventure
sailing desolation sound - smuggler's cove smuggler's cove - super nice anchorage minutes from secret cove. sailing andante to desolation sound bc. sailing desolation sound sailing bc andante sailingandante pacific northwest british columbia
sailing ontario georgian bay odysea adventures gopro sailing video by martin antkowiak  london ontario photography and video . sailing ontario           georgian bay sailing odysea adventures gopro sailing video video composed with gopro hero original gopro 2 , gopro 3, canon 5d. time lapsed video compilation of sailing georgian bay, lake huron. sailing excursions out of owen sound traveling up the bruce peninsula, tobermory, manitoulin island, north channel, killarney, french river delta, britt, parry sound, beckwith island, meaford.   music composed by my fav dj's - daft punk tron legacy soundtrack tobermory manitoulin island north channel killarney french river delta parry sound beckwith island daft punk tron legacy lake huron sailing georgian bay sailing lake huron martin antkowiak marcin antkowiak gopro gopro hero 2 gopro hero 3 canon 5d the great lakes great lakes sailing sailing sailing charters sailing photography sailing video sailingontario themodastudio odysea gopro sailing 29 hughes sailing adventures sailing world
inside passage canoe video 13, sailing out of naniamo, testing new tarp camping setup canoe sailing out of naniamo british columbia after purchasing a new tarp for camping in the canoe during my inside passage canoe journey.   inside passage canoe video 13 naniamo testing sailing tarp camping 
eisenhower lock transit our trip through the eisenhower lock in 2014.  we where sailing our new sailboat (sweet tango) from bellville, on to halifax ns.   sweet tango sailing eisenhower lock hunter 37.5
trailer long: the northwest passage - greenland to the bearing sea a documentary film by claire roberge and guy lavoie.  this is the long trailer for the film - a human adventure meeting the indigenous people of the north. join claire and guy aboard their steel-hulled sailboat, balthazar as they sail 7000 nautical miles from gasp, quebec canada to alaska's bering sea via greenland and the legendary northwest passage.  buy/rent full 81-minute documentary at  and  includes english and french language versions. sailing sailboat northwest passage canada greenland arctic alaska ocean bearing sea glaciers inuit
windriders sailing sandusky bay, ohio - lake erie join mayer-san.com and bob staley for a very nice 13.2 mile sail along the north shore of sandusky bay in a windrider 17 and windrider 16. we lauch out of dempsey access and sail under the bridge to johnson island and make a brief stop at bay point on marblehead. then, all the way west across the bay and back. for me, nothing compares with the depth of solitude found on open water. 4 june 2012. gopro hero2. windrider 17 windrider 16 windrider sailing (sport) lake erie sandusky bay dempsey access bay point marblehead sailing gopro hero2
sailing on the hobie cat on lake huron sailing out on cameron's hobie cat on lake huron, off of sauble beach sauble beach hobie cat sailing
sailing lake ontario - race #13, aboard vita, a cal 30 -- filmed with a pocket camera filmed with a canon a590is pocket camera.  port of rochester, new york sailing lake ontario vita racing cal 30 crewing off-shore rochester genesee yacht club canon pocket camera
the little boats of port dover lots of little boats and one big one, in port dover, ontario. september, 2015 little boats boat ship lake erie (lake) norfolk county port dover tim warris drone phantom quadcopter water sailing beach marine tugboat (ship type) sailboat (ship type)
sailing a 420 in english bay...first step, rig your boat. so, you want to go dinghy sailing? ok, but first you have to rig your boat...then you can take it out. here is my son and his sailing partner getting ready and then going sailing in a 420.  vancouver b.c. canada. da da da. sailing trio da da da 420 420s vancouver b.c. canada english bay dinghy boat boats rigging rig sails sailboat sail spinnaker
on sailboat called runaway take 2 heading north sailing on lesser slave lake slave lake canyon creek sailing sunset alberta sailboat
gopro fall cottage sailing on rs feva in 20+ km/h winds video of a fun fall sail at the cottage, located just north of wakefield, quebec, canada  3 hours squeezed into 5 minutes, shot using a gopro.com hero4 camera  i could have used a first mate... capsize at 01:48 and 04:04  20km/h breeze, gusting to 30  !  sailing aboard an rs feva sailboat    |    song credit: "riptide" (flicflac remix) by vance joy |  sail sailing fall water sports lake boat boating 
beaverstone bay, georgian bay aluva glides into beaverstone bay on the way to collins inlet sailing cruising north channel georgian bay
ren neo and leo at whistler optimist sailing camp  july 2011 the boys sailed for 5 days at whistler sailing association on alta lake in whistler. the class photo was doodled on by leo i was going to blur there faces out for privacy concerns but he said he had a better idea . it was rens 13th birthday and i got him a water proof video camera so the beginning footage is quite dodgy as they have never used is before.  ren really excelled at this sport i think there is so much the same as riding hands motion balance core strength and so on . his coach said ren is in the top 3 of the fastest learners he has ever seen in sailing . after 5 days ren is onto his white sail 3 and will be training for some races.. he is so stoked !!!!!!!!!  neo was using the camera the most as his weight was so little it made the boat handling quiet hard for him .  at 6:18 rens coach starts filming a little run with ren he looks pretty good for the little time he has been on the water sailing he almost capsizes once but does a quiet recovery .   at the end of the video is zen being the center of attraction and his sailing class sings happy birthday opti sailing whistler club optimist sa boat saling kids fresh water white sail lessons water sports ocean july camp whistler association whistlersailing whistler sailing
small craft warning small craft warning on lake superior.  forecast calling for 3m-7m waves, 8/8/12.  full sail minus the jib, on a close reach into 20-30 knot wind with motor running. duluth schooner george buehler archimedes lake superior randy sam sailing the rover raising sparrows
scenes of notre dame bay some photos taken around the waters of notre dame bay, newfoundland, canada. view sail and power boats, islands, whales, icebergs and some of the great scenery of the area. destination notre dame bay newfoundland canada exploits islands island sailing boating sail boat sailboat power
sailing our us yachts us 22 "vesper" on a broad reach sailing our us 22 sailboat, vesper, from nepean sailing club, ottawa in winds of 10-18 knots on lac deschnes, part of the ottawa river. with winds from the south we were on a broad reach out and back most of the way.  our home website is   this video was created with pitivi 0.95 running on the lubuntu 16.04 lts linux-based operating system. sail sailing boat boating ottawa us 22 sailboat broad reach lac deschne
boating through atherley narrows - sit back sunday gopro cruise sit back while we take this slow boat cruise through the atherley narrows. located where lake simcoe enters onto lake couchiching, this narrow body of water can see lots of boat traffic, especially on weekends.  filmed in july, 2015.  captured with gopro hero 3  location of this video: 44.60438 -79.36970   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd/blu-ray that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun gopro (award-winning work) cruise lake simcoe (lake) lake couchiching (lake) atherley narrows swing bridge tourist destination sailing
sailing the commissioners cup on great slave lake, northern canada s/v checkmate c&c 25 with north sails  we won the race and had a great time with a great crew in a great boat.  yellowknife to hay river and return non-stop. sailing great slave lake north sails c&c commissioners cup north checkmate yellowknife
kifaru under sail 2010.mpg william garden designed porpoise 'kifaru' sailing from gold river to southwest cove ns. kifaru sailing porpoise
amazing dolphin stampede in gwaii haanas! cute, playful and smart - what more can you ask for in a travel companion?  parks canada staff in gwaii haanas national park reserve, national marine conservation area reserve and haida heritage site were lucky enough to capture this amazing springtime dolphin stampede on camera.  pacific white-sided dolphins are extremely active, and sometimes approach boats to "bow ride" the pressure waves created by their bows. they are usually sighted in pods of 10-100 animals, although super groups of up to 2000 have also been seen.  please consult our guidelines for marine mammal watching and bow riding safety information:   videographer: clint johnson-kendrick  connect with gwaii haanas on facebook:   cette vido est aussi disponible en franais   dolphin boat wildlife animal marine amazing cute fun ocean sea stampede bow riding awesome incredible nature gwaii haanas haida gwaii wild animals gwaii haanas national park reserve and haida heritage site (protected site) gwaii haanas national marine conservation area reserve cool cruise sailing crazy
topaz lake #1 this lake is in the small mountains at the end of baie fine in the north channel topaz lake #1 sailing cruising north channel georgian bay
sailing and motoring belle, a 2005 macgregor 26m sheryl and i left blaine washington marina for an afternoon of sailing on belle,  2005 macgregor 26m.  we had great winds for most of the afternoon and then it just died.  but we fired up the suzuki df70 and had a nice cruise back into the harbour.  music is by kirk dixon, an independent guitarist from penticton bc.  he is 19 and plays to put himself through university. macgregor 26m sailing blaine semiahmoo bay
quoddy's run sails along the mckay reach in northern bc july 27 2012.  quoddy's run is on the homeward track. we turn around at klewnuggit inlet, in grenville channel, head through wright sound and whale channel to the mckay reach. fog sets in, but we have wind, and so we sail through the mountains. quoddy's run mckay reach sailing in bc northern bc fog sailing west by east karin cope marike finlay elisabeth bigras
north channel trip 2005 video 3 - tobermory to beaverstone bay a cruise from tobermory, ontario to beaverstone bay and a favorite anchorage in the cove at burnt island.  the boat is the get~aweigh ii, a 2000 doral 330se express cruiser. boat doral express cruiser cruise tobermory burnt island anchorage great lakes georgian bay beaverstone bay getaweigh sailing marine yacht islands water boats
sea kayak vancouver island tofino to port hardy part 1 tofino to hotsprings cove bc 2010 days 1 and 2 of darrin rockliffe's 28 day 500+km journey from tofino to port hardy thanks for watching, the rest is coming soon! see hooksumschool.com to learn more about how to do adventures like this! bc hotsprings port hardy vancouver island intotheout adventure darrin rockliffe west coast kayaking expedition quest survival mission adventure kayaker sailing wilderness camping dork chump dweeb kayak virtual tour meditation relax ocean beaches beach fun funny surfing
madsu meets the gopro lots of fun with gopro hd camera strapped to a catalina 22 sailboat on a lovely summer day.    gopro hd camera clamped to the pushpit and pulpit - shot at 1440 x 1080     howe sound, vancouver, bc canada.       catalina 22 sailing gopro hd vancouver howe sound sewell's marina
cooking lake sail club | hastings lake, july 7, 2012 hobie wave sailing out of the kawtikh resort at hastings lake, alberta.  light winds and hot summer sunshine - a beautiful july afternoon.  doug (other wave) and kelly (filming) sailing +cooking lake sail club +hastings +alberta +kawtikh rv resort +hobie wave
last voyage of sailbad the sinner nanaimo, bc to skagway, alaska via the "inside passage" in a 1977 rawson 30' pilothouse - 22 days under sail / 4 weeks. sailing inside passage alaska rawson dall's porpoise humpback whale pacific white sided dolphin god's pocket namu butedale bishop bay hotsprings klemtu ketchikan nanaimo skagway prince rupert travel log nature outdoors pilot house motor sailer sailbad sail bad sailbad the sinner dijon
princess louisa inlet - british columbia (trailer) princess louisa inlet is a remote place on the west coast of british columbia, is a mere gap of six kilometres long and just a few hundred meters wide and may possibly be be one of the most beautiful places on earth. it can only be reached by boat or float plane at the tip of the long body of water called jervis inlet.in 1919 a young man named james macdonald discovered, fell in love and filed for ownership of the lands  surrounding the inlet, with chatterbox falls at it's head. in 1953 macdonald transferred ownership of these land to the princess louisa international society.  the sheer cliffs rise a mile high, straight from the water. all around is the thick rainforest; the trees are tall and their trunks are covered with greeny/blue moss. the forest glades are deeply shaded and one half expects gnomes, elves and fairies to arrear from around the trees. the tweeting and chattering of the birds are constant. it is a truly magical place, restful and tranquil. everyone should be fortunate enough to see princess louisa inlet, the princess as macdonald referred to it, at least once in their lives.  visit  for other documentaries and for downlaods of productions. princess louisa inlet wyntersea productions inc linda wasylciw jack wynters john macdonald chatterbox falls jervis inlet malibu club malibu rapids john wayne bing crosby bob hope john f kennedy earle stanley gardner young life; jim rayburn;canada sailing adventures travel cruise pacific ocean
sailing in bc, homeward bound in the strait of georgia homeward bound in the strait of georgia with the tuttle family during a sailing course with capt. mac's school of seamanship sailing vancouver bc lessons capt. mac charter gulf islands georgia strait boat cruise school canada capt. mac's school of seamanship
sailing the broughton bc. sailing solo on andante hunter 28 to broughton archipelago in 2013. sailing desolation sound sailing bc andante sailingandante pacific northwest british columbia broughton
carving up redberry - three windriders three windrider 17 trimarans sailing with reefed mainsails on redberry lake in shifting 24 km/hr winds gusting to 44 km/hr. darryl - yellow hull with blue/yellow sails; ken - white hull with blue/yellow sails; rod - white hull with black/grey sails. music uploaded from jamendo    - tutskovin & glenside polkas by ceili moss windrider redberry lake trimaran sailing reefed sail
bear bear swims in front of the sailboat aluva in collins inlet in georgian bay sail north channel aluva aluvaadventures collins inlet bear cruising sailing north channel georgian bay travel log
halifax harbor silva tall ship cruise nova scotia halifax harbor silva tall ship cruise nova scotia canada. this is a tour of the halifax harbour. some of ther sites shown are mcnabs island dartmouth, bedford , mcdonald bridge citadel hill, and lots more. thanks for watching comments welcome. cruise boat ocean islands mcnabs island cruise ship (ship type) sailing ship (ship class) water yacht boats fort xerox lighthouse bedford basin citadel hill
drifter ii sailing to windward on georgian bay near penetanguishene strong winds, low wave action, full sails, avoiding a collision with a boat on a starboard tack, saturday sep. 28th, 2013. the best day of weekend sailing in 2013. speeds up to 6.5 knots on this run; we reached 6.9 knots this day - our best ever. doing our best to bury the toe rail of the c&c 30 mk1. beausoleil island on left of screen. georgian bay c&c 30 mk1 sailing drifter ii penetanguishene strong wind close reach sailboat great lakes (body of water) c&c
f31r west end lake erie  w/garmin overlay grosse ile airport weather (konz) 5:14 pm 73.4 f 66.2 f 78% 29.95 in 10.0 mi se 5.8 mph --- waves 1-3 --- f31r tri west end lake erie. the little cat claimed it could do 30 mph and  was faster than the big trimaran. some bad language! hobiecat f31r trimaran catamaran lake erie f31 fast sailing boating sail cat tri multihull corsair farrier lake sailboat (ship type) water garmin
featuring okanagan artists a few years back, the rotary art center was added to kelowna, bc, canada into it's area called kelowna's cultural district. it's a beautiful building, great feeling, excellent coffee at staccatto's and many cultural events - right now featuring an erotic art show by 3 kelowna artists. it is host to the anual art crawl. kelownas cultural district city of kelowna british columbia destination canada vacation packages getaways boat rental tours golfing canadian resorts westjet jcvdude thompson okanagan tourism bc hellobc hot sands beach delta hotel casino gambling manteo resort playa de soleil biking ubc wineries big white sunwing travel agent sailing resorts and lodges lakefront conference center ogopogo ornithology hostel casinos water skiing eldorado marinas marathons flights to
sail 2015: a sailing season montage highlights of the 2015 sailing season featuring even more camera angles and mast-top perspective compiled from hours of footage. filmed in london, ontario on fanshawe lake and windsor, ontario on lake st. clair through the months of may to october 2015.  ---  primary contributors: brad biskaborn, brooke wareing, darren gilbert, eric richert, jens biskaborn, jon dietrich, jon white, karen biskaborn, kevin biskaborn, nikki quinn, and rick goldt  primary boats: laser full rig, laser ii, laser radial, albacore, and wayfarer  experience sailing in london, ontario:   at the fanshawe yacht club and sailing school (fyc)  ---  music: "visions", dexter britain |  "lift off", sirius beat |  "moments", rod hallum |   --- sailing sail fanshawe lake london ontario canada dinghy laser fanshawe yacht club montage laser ii laser radial albacore wayfarer windsor lake st. clair racing regatta
lowisa 44 - 2009 lake of the woods international sailing association - 7 day regatta kenora sail kenora sailing lowisa lowesa hank henderson lake of the woods regatta sailing regatta harbourfest harborfest harbour fest harbor fest paul moorey northern harbour northern harbor northern yacht club
bluejacket 13 - hd: saguenay fjord, quebec, canada a cruise along down the saguenay fjord and close encounters with beluga whales. sailing cruising bluejacket sailboat geoff schultz quebec saguenay fjord beluga whale whales
sailing on hallelujah: near chester, nova scotia on a tanzer 22  - sailing past the village of chester and numerous islands of mahone bay, nova scotia, on a sunny september afternoon, on our tanzer 22.  a slice of family life on a boat.  (not to be used for navigation!) chester nova scotia sailing tanzer 22 mahone bay sailboat boats tourism
sailing the seaspray 15 on glenmore reservoir in calgary  sailing calgary speed wet boat catamaran multihull cat sailboat canada
the narrow south channel approach to parry sound aluva navigates the narrow south channel entering parry sound in georgian bay. sailing cruising north channel georgian bay
sailing desolation sound - okisollo channel more beautiful scenery in okisollo channel desolation sound bc. sailing andante hunter 28. sailing desolation sound sailing bc andante sailingandante pacific northwest british columbia okisollo canada vancouver boat vancouver island (island) cruise
hope island sandy bay on georgian bay july 2013 canada day canada day long weekend at hope island 2013. calm weather, and light northerly winds made for a gentle anchorage at sandy bay. over 70 boats moored on sunday. water was a tolerable 65 degrees. hope island light house lighthouse georgian bay canada day sandy bay rocna anchor moored sea ray lake huron georgian bay indian reserve moor rafting boating sandy beach dinghy zodiac rope walker boat tender sail sailing yacht cruise fish ocean ontario
sailboat ran aground at white rock pier after a regatta a skipper unfamiliar with the very narrow channel at the white rock pier in bc went too wide and ran aground with 5 people on board.  no one was injured, and the sailboat wasn't damaged, but it was an ebb tide, which meant the water lever was dropping and would strand the boat even further as the tide went out.  the challenge was to free the sailboat from the sand ledge as soon as possible before it rolled on its side and took on water.  the lymc.ca - lower mainland yacht club moors their fleet at this pier and a number of its members and experienced sailors were on hand working to tow the grounded sailboat free. some of them had raced in the regatta that day.  easy fixes were tried first, like rocking the grounded sailboat and pulling it by hand with lines from the dock, but the keel was wedged in the sand too tight.  a second plan to use a catamaran called "bad kitty" and to use a winch on "lightcure" were quickly put in place.  bad kitty attached a tow line to the halyard of the grounded sailboat with the intent of pulling the top of the mast over freeing the keel from the sand, while simultaneously a line was attached to the starboard winch of lightcure that would pull the bow of the grounded boat forward.  while the grounded sailboat was being towed from both points, it gunned its engine to assist in being freed.  it was an interesting exercise demonstrating why speed and teamwork are critical in rescue operations.  this is a good example for training purposes, but keep in mind all situations are different and this might not be the right or safe solution for you.  video shot and produced by area46 media communications    sailing ran aground white rock pier b.c. towing sailboat regatta stuck sandbar rescue boat crew sailors rescued
rondeau hullraisers 2015 by skyscape imaging dji phantom professional aerial photos & video of hullraisers 2015.  the 19th annual hobie cat sailing race off the shores of rondeau provincial park, ontario.  aerials by skyscape imaging of chatham, ontario.  uploaded in 720p hd. rondeau rondeau park rondeau provincial park hullraisers hobie hobie cat sailing race drone dji phantom lake erie beach party 720p hd aerial wind water waves skyscape imaging skyscapeimaging.ca  chatham-kent ryc brian french mike newell chris carruthers boat camera lake ontario ont ckont #ckont hobie 16 hobie 18 hobie 20 catamaran
from ski boats to kayaks and more! - the okanagan waterfront summer in the okanagan is about water, swimming, hanging out at the beach, boating or what ever its about the water.  still if you don't live here and only see a map of bc, it looks like it is all mountains then there's the image of canada as the great white north... so here is a glimpse at summer in the mountains of bc, the okanagan. thompson okanagan lake waterfront videos canal locks lagoon water sports jet skis roller-blading beaches swim bike suntan bikinis wear float plane tours paddleboats vacation packages boardwalks resorts sailing kayaking water skiing ski boat boat rentals mountain living motor boating parasailing canoeing paddling delta grand lakefront resort conference centre jcvdude video production kelowna media artist bc destination canada getaway resorts tourismbc yt:crop=16:9 hellobc
exclusive adventure sailing spectacular northwest territories the pendragon sets sail on the great slave lake for an awesome adventure from yellowknife, northwest territories, canada, locations include east arm, devils channel, lady jane bay, francois bay, blanchett island,  mckinely point, utsingy point, scotts arm sailing great slave lake spectacular northwest territories canada arctic air adventure boating gsl east arm devils channel lady jane bay francois blanchett island mckinely point utsingy scotts tourism
flat water off heywood is., ontario, canada absolutely no wind on big water in the north channel (northern georgian bay) as aluva goes from killarney to anchor at heywood island. sailing cruising north channel georgian bay
gimli yacht club to hec 'n back 2010 s/v wild rover. june  2010, racing an 80 mile pursuit to and from hecla island on canada's 6th largest lake. lake winnipeg did not not fail to provide a wide range of weather conditions. 13 boats competed with no finishers as a 50 knot storm interrupted the final push on day 2. to hec n back 2010 sailing lake winnipeg lake winnipeg c&c 27 gimli yacht club gyc gimli
sailing - the great lakes odysea - sailing lake erie  themodastudio first day excursion of odysea. sailing lake erie single handedly with a dog.    to book sailing trips with martin antkowiak, please contact through   currently sailing out of owen sound ontario, georgian shores marina. copy-write themodastudio.com 2009 martin antkowiak the great lakes odysea 2007 martin antkowiak scurrvy dog mika themodastudio port stanley ontario rondeau provincial park erieau lake erie owen sound sailing charters toronto canada boat cruise vancouver water escape cruise ship (ship type)
sailing bute inlet, b.c. slideshow this is a 35 mile solo cruise up bute inlet (british columbia) to waddington harbor at it's head july 9-10, 2015.  the inlet is long, wide, and uniformly very deep without any recommended or desirable anchorages along the way.  i experienced no advantage going up with the tide and winds were lite.  my single night at waddington harbor was peaceful as not another soul was there as well as no am, fm, vhf radio, and very poor reception on ssb.  the return trip was against the tide and 25-28k winds gusting to 34k resulting in speed as low as 2.4k; turning around was not an option for fear of losing the rubber dinghy.  it was an almost 12 hour duty day at the helm to a suitable anchorage outside bute at von donop inlet.  photos were taken with a sony bloggie mhs-ts20.  music is seeger by john deley and the 41 players from the youtube library.      i created this video with the youtube slideshow creator ( travel sailing northwest cruising sailboat bute inlet british columbia boating tayana vancouver 42 cutter solo adventure exploring canada
time lapse - sailing around lake newell a short sail around the north end of lake newell on a cl 16 sailboat. shot with a gopro camera mounted on the top of the mast.  friday, 31 may 2013 sailing lake newell alberta cl 16 cl16 wayfarer time lapse timelapse gopro
sailing lake superior, ontario sailing the new national marie conservation preserve on lake superior - from thunder bay to red rock -  with sail superior and the quebec lodge in red rock. lake superior sailing national marine conservation preserve ontario adventure
sailing nl sailing nl, shot on go pro hero 3.   song is not owned by me, and all rights are reserved to the makers and label under the song.  song: killgande - jubel (original mix) nl sailing summer weather coast water sun boating
tracks rv to newfoundland & labrador this video is about the flowers found in the maritime provinces, newfoundland and labrador, canada. the photos were taken on a tracks rv tour in late 2009. it was probably one of our best vacations ever. the people of canada were friendly and kind while the scenery was spectacular. geraldcraw@gmail.com canadian flowers flowers in canada flowers in new brunswick flowers in nova scotis flowers in newfoundland flowers in labrador flowers in pei tracks rv trips tracks rv boats navy sailing titanic
boats 2012- built for the sea! information on boatbuilders in nova scotia and prince edward island, and the custom and semi-custom boats they build.   nsba nova scotia boatbuilders association boat builder sailing new ocean cruise marine yacht
last moments of sunset sailing on lesser slave lake almost into the marina, the last rays of sun, on the last day of summer, sailing on lesser slave lake by canyon creek sunset canyon creek solstice slave lake alberta sailing
gopro sailboat racing on the ottawa river at nepean sailing club gopro video of the last race of the 2015 racing season, aboard risky business (a sirius 28 sailboat), on the ottawa river, out of nepean sailing club.  nepean sailing club |    "i need never get old" by nathaniel rateliff & the night sweats |    gopro |  sail sailing boat boating race racing river water ottawa
bluejacket 15 - hd: gaspe pensuila and perce rock, quebec stunning views of area on gaspe pensuila and perce rock as seen by the crew of the bluejacket. sailing cruising bluejacket sailboat geoff schutz quebec perce rock perce gaspe
mouth of wick channel the sailboat is anchored in the bustard islands. we take a beautiful kayak trip down wicks channel to georgian bay. mouth of wick channel bustard islands georgian bay aluva aluvaadventures wicks channel cruising sailing north channel georgian bay
kayak sailing in lake superior with a falcon sail. see   kayak sailing lake superior at isle royale national park, during 8 august 2011 8 day wilderness kayak trip.  100 mile paddle.  north west end of lake superior just south of canada.  using a falcon sails 1.3 meter nylon sail with carbon fiber mast and boom.  with prototype minimized window designed for racing & light weight sail.  chesapeake light craft west river 18.  loaded kayak.  down wind mostly run with some reaching, and multiple gybes.  see  kayak sailing sailing falcon sails isle royale national park lake superior wilderness kayak trip.
terpsichore off halifax sailing on terpsichore, a sparkman & stephens s&s 34, off halifax, nova scotia in september sailing terpsichore halifax sparkman stephens nova scotia yacht sail boating sea ocean waves wind
gonesailingca - down east circle 4 - chapter 4 down east circle part 4 - chapter 4 - 720p  sailing aboard the niagara 35 sloop phantasia ii from  caribou harbour, nova scotia to haddock harbour, isle madame sailing niagara35 gaspe phantasia downeastcircle sail.finnevans.ca cruising caribou harbour nova scotia haddock isle madame
north channel, georgian bay, 2016 description georgian bay sailing rash decision north channel
elizabeth standing on deck and other stills, sailing sailing on lesser slave lake, and back to canyon creek. first time with the jib up. canyon creek slave lake sailing alberta sailboat
coastal 209wt coastal boat 209 is designed and built by coastal adventures inc. in kings point, nl.  hand layered hull with no wood construction and includes a 70gal gas tank.  this is an unsinkable boat even when fully loaded to it's 1130kgs capacity.  rain water drains overboard and a self bailing cockpit you'll never have to use a manual bailer again. coast coastal kings point newfoundland boat ocean cockpit cabin stern cuddy fore aft bailer fishwell anchor rope locker mooring radar float summer water cruise boats islands marine skiing ships seas port sports cleats bilge fish (animal) sail sailing coastal adventures bay yacht ski manufacturing (industry) fiberglass molding (invention)
susan hood trophy race 2011 storm after 15 hours of calm sailing in the susan hood trophy race we were hit by a thunderstorm saturday morning out in the middle of lake ontario. this is a short clip of us pulling down sails as the wind blows us dead down wind at close to 10 knots.  we were barely in control and any attempts to sail into the wind would just put us over on our side.  pretty wild ride. sailing lake ontario susan hood trophy race 2011
dji phantom 3 pro - sailable halifax sail able nova scotia is located at the royal nova scotia yacht squadron on the northwest arm in halifax. sailing
lake erie interclub2011 a view of the start of the 54th annual lake erie interclub race as seem from the south pier of the erie channel.  65 boats racing in a five day, fun filled, event. lake erie interclub sailing erie sailboat racing
walker bay 8 row boat dinghy sailing sailboat sail georgian bay beausoleil walker bay 8 being sailed by quentin and jack.   beausoleil island cedar springs june 2013. sailing sail row boat yacht walker bay plastic dinghy dinghies paolo rista keel bow georgian beausoleil island sailboat rowing mast boom tiller lake huron midland penetanguishene hindsons sea ray 360 ac cruise watercraft dinghy sailing
mach 2 moth sailing 2015 (4k) a spur-of-the-moment look at mach 2 moth sailing in kingston, ontario, canada.  recorded and produced in 4k quality. for best viewing experience set video player to full screen and 1080hp or higher resolution and use good quality speakers or earphones. enjoy!  music from youtube audio library 1- stalking prey by audionautix is licensed under a creative commons attribution license (  artist:  2- new sneakers by riot 3- get there by silent partner mach 2 mach 2 mach ii mach 2 sailing moth moth sailing moth boat mach moth sailing mach moth mach 2 moth mach 2 moth sailing mach 2 moth boat kingston ontario canada kingston yacht club kingston sailing popular vural sail boat mach 2 sail boat mach sail boat foiling foiling moth mach 2 foiling sailing foil boat hydro foil hydrofoil boat hydrofoiling morrin mac morrin j.mac.morrin
mara bc june 2016 sailing our macgregor 26x on mara lake bc sailing mara lake macgregor shuswap
crazy single handed sailing in december   sailing in the gulf islands in the winter. i had a few days of great sailing and exploring the west coast of british columbia canada. strong winds made this voyage amazing. sailing canada single handed boat hunter winds december waves british columbia bc cold winter voyage blue water seas people exploring sidney pender island knots ocean cruise vancouver victoria bedwellminimalism liveaboard boats tiny home homes small living spaces minimal life simplicity simple
east coast skiff sailing canadian sailing team members david mori & justin barnes 49er sailing in halifax, nova scotia   proudly sponsored by: - toronto pearson - air canada - cibc - kubra - medcan     song: higher (flume remix), ta-ku sailing
beaver - species at risk wilderness committee british columbia beaver. cindy and i feel honored by this e-mail.  hello,  i am the species at risk outreach coordinator for the wilderness  committee, working on a public campaign to support endangered species  legislation in bc. we have 1,600 species at risk in the province, and  bc is one of only two provinces in canada with no legislation to  protect our wildlife.  i am looking for footage to include on our website (  ) and to promote our campaign. i believe you have fantastic footage of  wildlife species in bc, and i am wondering if you would let us use  your work for promoting this important campaign. we will give you  credit of course. please let me know what you have and if you could  send me some links to your work.  thank you, and i look forward to hearing from you soon.  cheers, north american beaver lodging tail slap iron mountain merritt lodges beaver dam pond genus castor semi-aquatic rodent animal canada wildlife conservation creek outdoors wilderness camping mountain biking atving hiking alpine cross country skiing last minute cheap travel packages risk outreach endangered species bc sony 1080i hd camcorder jcv jcvdude travel tourism nature events hdrax2000 hdr-xr550 videographer kelowna
whiteshell park sturgeon falls winnipeg river manitoba canada history hudson bay fur trade route near mouth of whiteshell river along the winnipeg river.  nutimik lake in distance.  close to petroforms near the whiteshell river.  fur trade routes. first nation canoe route.  ojibway. cree.  metis. voyageurs. historic winnipeg river. rapids. whiteshell manitoba canada sturgeon portage falls river park wilderness hiking canoe rapids winnipeg
pov portage | an overnight canoe trip in qe ii wildlands, ontario my first overnight canoe and portage trip was to queen elizabeth ii wildlands provincial park. i went with some new friends at toronto outdoor club (toc) led by kevin. my canoe partner was jennifer, so we went with the completely obvious name of bennifer. we entered devils road access point and made the trip in to victoria lake.  audio used:  joshua james hunt | take my mind far away  keep track of what im up to:  twitter |   insta |   web |   linkedin |   make sure you subscribe for a mix of vlogs, random musings & travel clips. toc toronto outdoor club outdoors canoe portage canada discoveron ontario wilderness paddle queen elizabeth wildlands wildlands camp life camping bennyhbk vlog vlogger victoria lake
potholes provincial park in winter. a winter trip into the interior of potholes provincial park. northern ontario, boreal forest region. located about midway between the chapleau crown game preserve and the eastern shore of lake superior. using a canon powershot sx20is. potholes provincial park canada northern ontario canon powershot sx20is wilderness nature
alpine meadows resort - top rated resort in clearwater bc enjoy the aerial view of alpine meadows resort, capturing "the unexpected... on the wild side." our visitors love the natural beauty, the open space, the upscale log homes, and hallamore lake. some find the road off the highway a little windy and long but all agree, if you have a little patience, it is well worth the trip. if you are looking for a city hotel in clearwater bc, alpine meadows may not be the right choice for you, but if you want to fully experience the raw beauty of british columbia, appreciate fresh air, wild life, great hospitality, fine wine and food you won't be disappointed. hope to see you soon.   for more information please visit our website:   shot & edited by high view productions 2014  alpine meadows resort luxury relaxation fine food wilderness lakefront log homes hallimore lake canada british columbia clearwater high view productions
ascent to powder: tale of a ski town | full feature out 13th october 2016 watch the full feature:   fernie, british columbia is known as an international ski and snowboard destination along the powder highway. a historic mining community, fernie is an authentic ski town in the rocky mountains. ascent to powder film tells the story of fernie through the eyes of its passionate local skiers and riders. #ferniestoke   fernie skiing snowboarding ski snowboard canada british columbia kootenay kootenays elk valley fernie alpine resort island lake lodge fwa catskiiing fernie wilderness adventures bc mark gallup dylan siggars nick nault andrea byrne heiko socher chris ashley josh pearson shred kelly ascent to powder powder skiing catskiing cat skiing wilderness backcountry ski movies ski film
2001 12 14 the grinch who stole the south chilcotins as corporate mining giant teck cominco actively backed the lobby to roll back the boundaries of the south chilcotin mountains park, the wilderness committee fought back with the santa brigade protests in front of company headquarters. hear what the santas have to say about the fabulous south chilcotin mountains park. learn why bc premier gordon campbell and teck cominco deserve socks full of coal on christmas day for their efforts to diminish our provincial parks system.    video by jeremy williams (2002) south chilcotins wilderness committee
joffre lakes provincial park hike to matier glacier joffre lakes provincial park is about 3 hours from vancouver, just past pemberton. one weekend, my wife, a friend and i drove along the sea-to-sky highway to joffre lakes provincial park.     the trail at joffre passes three lakes, each a striking, saturated turquoise blue. we quickly approached the first lake and observed u-shaped valleys, jagged peaks, silt and lateral moraines created by matier glacier perched atop joffre peak.     we emerged into a clearing shortly past the first lake where the valley opened up to display a million shades of green. inexperienced hikers might have difficulty crossing piles of boulders at this most rugged section of the trail.     for most of the trek we were in the presence of a powerful, churning mountain stream. we crossed it several times on crude bridges made of fallen logs. at the end of the trail we arrived at the majestic matier glacier where some hikers camped overnight. waterfalls spewed from the glacier carrying blue silt, which colored the lakes below. wilderness locations hiking adventure joffre lakes provincial park glacial scenery breathtaking jasper banff bc parks provincial park near vancouver pemberton sea-to-sky highway whistler trail lakes turquoise blue valleys jagged peaks silt lateral moraines matier glacier joffre peak valley hikers boulders mountain stream camping campground waterfalls
manigotagan paddling 70 kms of quiet, picturesque stretches of water that glides through boreal and deciduous forests, is turned to adventure when interrupted by spectacular rapids and falls. manigotagan river provincial park  in manitoba, canada features impressive topography ranging from sheer rockfaces topped with craggy lichen and jack pine, to impressive stretches of balsam poplar, elderberry and green ash. the manigotagan river, meaning "bad throat", was long ago named by a group of hunters who when calling game were answered by an old bull moose with a garbled throat. the old bull may be long gone, but the tranquil spirit of the river can still catch you by surprise.    filmed by: michael farrugia & greg klar    date: july 2011    camera: nikon d5100, nikon d3100, gopro hd     manigotagan canoe ffdocs paddle whitewater manitoba wilderness park canada river farm fresh documentaries nikon 5100 gopro farrugia
upper lake, joffre lakes provincial park (near pemberton, b.c.) this is a view of the upper lake at joffre lakes provincial park near pemberton, british columbia. the flowing river is glacial water from the matier glacier (visible in the video).  read more about our hike and camping trip here:   video was taken august 4, 2013. (disclaimer: don't mind my narrating. also, this is my first youtube upload. it might look wobbly near the end, but that's because i opted to use the anti-shake function on youtube). joffre lakes hiking camping travel glacier glacial lake mountain provincial park backcountry pemberton british columbia canada outdoors wilderness nature glacial river glacial silt
pancakes from scratch, with quebec maple syrup !! voodoopepper2008 generously sent me two cans of quebec maple syrup and challenged me to make pancakes from scratch. not only that, but i also speak a little french :-) bushcraft preppers wilderness outdoors maple syrup (breakfast cereal flavor) pancakes from scratch pancake (dish) maple syrup (ingredient)
new mining exploration in nopiming park new mining exploration road bulldozed in nopiming provincial park, manitoba, canada, documented by the wilderness committee  wildernesscommittee.org/manitoba bulldozed exploration road manitoba provincial park nopiming mining wilderness committee
solo 3-day backpacking hike in banff rocky mountains solo 40 km backpack hike to howse pass in banff park, alberta.  this is an abandoned fur trading route.  i show tricks for making life easy in the wilderness. the trail was in such bad shape, with so much deadfall, that i had to abandon my attempt to reach the pass. check out brian patton's blog on this trail at:   he's one of the co-authors of my favorite hiking book "the canadian rockies trail guide".  best part of making these video (other than the hike) is matching music.  for this video i used:  1:50 instrumental version of madonna's "amazing" found on youtube.  7:20 instrumental version of the tragically hip's "wheat king" found on youtube.  the hip are an amazing canadian band from ontario.  15:10 instrumental version of collective soul's "shine".  done by nick scott.  he's on youtube as ambonick1 (  19:20 instrumental version of u2's "bad".  great song by an even greater band. backpacking howse pass hiking (sport) banff national park (protected site) wilderness national park (iucn category)
tobermory, ontario in high definition make sure to change the video quality to 1080p for the full experience!  if you haven't been, this video should convince you to go. one of the biggest hidden gems found in ontario, canada. filled with breath taking views, crystal clear water and beautiful trails.    sites visited: flower pot island just 6.5 kilometers off the coast of tobermory lies flowerpot island, one of canadas most fascinating natural attractions. flowerpot island is famous for its natural sea stacks, the flowerpots, as well as its caves, historic lightstation and variety of rare plants. boat cruise we took to flower pot island:   the grotto and overhanging point: the niagara escarpment runs from niagara falls to tobermory. it forms the backbone of the peninsula and shapes the northern boundary of most of the park, providing the park with some of its most spectacular scenery.  we drove to cyprus lake campground and hiked in from there.   filmed with: canon 70d w/ 18-135mm paired with a glidecam hd2000 gopro hero+ silver  songs in order: kognitif - so let's begin (feat jeanette robertson) soulless. - los angeles lisa mitchell - neapolitan dream (nillow remix) v/v - done the grotto (tourist attraction) grotto tobermory flowerpot island swimming canada ontario windmill hiking gopro glidecam hd2000 canon 70d 70d canon outdoors animals flowers nature toronto summer fun survival travel outdoor camp water georgian bay (body of water) lake huron (body of water) tobermory mull (city/town/village) tobermory (city/town/village) flowerpot island (geographical feature) cliff jumping the bruce trail bruce trail cabin wilderness shipwreck
dall sheep, yukon, canada  nature outdoors wilderness oldlandytours alaska usa canada mexico belize parks animals hiking alaska to tierra del fuego
boomer & melinda stave lake camping/boating july 2014 boating to a great secluded campsite on stave lake. slept in the boat. swimming, eating and drinking! boomer maple ridge stave lake (lake) boating camping remote boat access only boat swimming florence lake road burma road mission bc mission british columbia canada boomer inc glastron boat wilderness
backcountry 2011 - island lake canoe route 720p is best quality. 1080p has blur to it. completed a trip into island lake forest and barrens provincial conservation reserve on the canada day long weekend. this conservation reserve is 45 minutes north of parry sound and access is via wahwashkesh lake. ontario headed up farm creek and camped on wolf lake for the first night, then continued into dutton lake and back to island lake for our final night. the route to island lake is fairly straight forward with easy portages, however when exploring the other lakes, portages can be rough to non-existent. take caution when locating the portages between the small lake north of wolf towards dutton and the longer portage from the small lake east of dutton into island lake. (the latter is riddled with multiple blazed  snowmobile and atv trails, and there are about 5 portages blazed through here. the most straight forward is flagged and spray-painted orange. note: take the landing on the south-east side of the small lake and not the snowmobile opening as it is longer and easier to get lost. (found out the hard way). novice-intermediate to island lake intermediate-advanced for access to the other lakes makes a great 2-3 day trip or a relaxing week exploring all the islands and surrounding lakes.  trip photos  subscribe for more and don't hesitate to ask for trip information, maps and whatever. island lake forest and barrens provincial conservation reserve canoe portage camping tent fire wilderness nature stajanleafs backcountrytv park wolf dutton farm creek camp backcountry brad jennings
my wilderness hydration gear. this is what i carry to keep hydrated in my area. this stuff is lightweight, low cost and effective. if i was in a dry climate i would add a couple 2 litre water bottles and several medium ziploc freezer bags to carry extra water.    i got the iodine crystals from: "remote areas emergency medicine and survival" (reams wilderness) in calgary alberta. wilderness survival kit bushcraft emergency water filter purifying canteen iodine crystals
mantario trail april 2010 part 1 mantario trail north trailhead to hemenway lake for overnight hammock camping. it is the second camping spot on the trail. backpacking hiking walking dog walking hammocks camping wilderness forests lakes rivers deer beavers dams otters wolves carp beaches fire water trees
fischen in yukon,s  bennet lake am bennet lake mit dem boot  entlang der whitepass yukon railrod und in der wildnis fischen. anschliessend ein fischtrip mit dem floatplane zum eva lake in b.c. wilderness nature outdoor live!
droning rapids near camp robinson northwestern ontario - aug.10, 2016 we were out exploring on our atv's around the camp robinson area and found these waterfalls/rapids and sent the drone up for some cool footage.  thanks to our viewer jim who told us about them!  if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   we got our sena bluetooth pack for gopro here:   we got our sena 10c - camera and communicator here:   we got our sena smh10 bluetooth helmet communicator here:   thanks for watching!  music by audionautix.com - drifting2  join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter and instagram:    you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our  faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:              drone quadcopter dji phantom 3 aerial aerial video waterfall rapids northwestern ontario lake canada ontario cubbeezx scenic swamp adventure outdoors wilderness rugged exploring camp robinson aerial photography view from above drone video cedar lake double lake logging camp
flint & steel success flint and steel success!! it was easier than i thought it would be!  next time i'll try chert & steel, then quartz & steel. special thanks to peter lapaix  in nova scotia for forging me this great steel :) bushcraft survival wilderness outdoors backpacking wildernesssurvival flint flint and steel
mantario trail april 2010 part 3 mantario trail north trailhead to hemenway lake for overnight hammock camping. it is the second camping spot on the trail. backpacking hiking walking dog walking hammocks camping wilderness forests lakes rivers beaches fire water trees otters wolves deer beavers dams carp
assiniboine river cartier manitoba canada ice break-up april 30 2013 this is the assiniboine river ice break-up april 30 2013 at 7:45 pm. this is video was taken just west of winnipeg, in the rm of cartier manitoba canada. we watched as a part of someones dock floated by. canada (country) river break water spring break-up assiniboine river cartier manitoba flooding dock winnipeg ice
dji phantom 3      blackwater river & batnuni bridge down the telegraph trail road from vanderhoof to quesnel in northern bc. the salmon are running on the blackwater river. filmed in ultra hd so turn up your resolution. simply edited using windows movie maker and filmed with the dji phantom 3 professional. river (geographical feature category) spawning blackwater river (geographical feature) dji dji phantom 3 backroads water fish unmanned aerial vehicle (aircraft type) telegraph trail vanderhoof bridge british columbia (canadian province) canada (country) northern bc camping wilderness salmon drone quadcopter dji phantom phantom 3 dji phantom 3 professional
how to find matsutake pine mushroom picking foraging for pine mushrooms or matsutake mushrooms in british columbia.  after some research online i was ready to go on the search for the elusive pine mushroom.  i hadn't been picking mushrooms in years and wanted to introduce my family to foraging for delicious fungi.  turns out we found some great spots without even having to search too much.  hope my scattered tips in this video help you on your way to finding some gourmet gold as well next fall. matsutake (organism classification) mushroom (food) pine mushroom foraging how to tips tricks information where location elevation douglas fir hemlock matsutake mushroom find tutorial adventure help need best greatest amazing huge pine forest pemberton whistler vancouver vancouver island powell river canada washington oregon forage wild wilderness picking vegan vegetarian japanese japan fungi wild mushrooms
the castle of white otter lake this is my 22 minute documentary that tells the true story of jimmy mcouat who constructed a castle singlehandedly out of red pine logs back in the early 1900's. the film contributed to the castle's eventual restoration which still stands on the shore of white otter lake in the wilderness of northwestern ontario.   the castle of white otter lake was produced, directed, shot and edited by me, peter g. elliott and the script was researched and written by elinor barr of thunder bay. jimmy mcouat was played by nick kaminecky and the original music is by cathy elliott. a special thanks to gordon pinsent who narrated the film for me for a very small fee. an extended thanks to friends and family who helped me back in the early '80s.  i shot this film on a $12,000 budget using my 16mm bolex camera, an ontario arts council grant and an editing room at the national film board. the film was shown on cbc's canadian reflections and on global television and various broadcasters in the british isles during the 1980's.   to obtain dvd copies email elinor barr at: pebarr@tbaytel.net castle+ontario canada+atikokan ontario+peter elliott+elinor barr+ignace ontario+jimmy mcouat+log castle+stirling castle+the hermit of lake+flanders ontario+canada+wilderness castle elinor barr peter elliott white otter castle ontario wilderness ignace ontario james mcouat jimmy mcouat jimmy hightop stirling castle
enjoythewildusa amazing wilderness camp / hammock chair -- video response enjoythewildusa amazing wilderness camp / hammock chair -- video response    some people really understand the econo challenge and the man behind enjoythewildusa is one of those people.  the chair is made from sport nylon and stitched together using a stewart sewing awl.  total cost $20.  we updated it by adding rope to hang as an amazing hammock chair using our tree friendly suspension system.  two ways to sit comfortably in the wilderness from just one chair.(2.0)    the customized saw just blew us away.  it is lighter than the gerber gator exchange-a-blade and cuts wood with amazing ease.  cost $13!  tested side by side, hikers on this trip preferred the econo challenge saw 3 to zip!  this keepsake will now become part of the econo challenge and will be carried by the hiker with the lightest pack.  look for it in future videos.  filmed on a wilderness island in the beautiful parc rgional du poisson blanc, quebec.  econo challenge 2010.    thank you enjoythewildusa for your wonderful gifts. gerber saw hiking camping wilderness survival tool camp bush craft fun summer econo challenge paddling backpacking wood weekend outdoor
abandoned fire tower - ontario, canada - 4k hd lake kwinkwaga, ontario, canada  filmed june 8, 2016 drone mrxeman canada quadcopter fire tower wilderness flight
atv river crossing in wilderness of northern ontario in sept 08 northern ontario woodlands with all terrain vehicles. atv wilderness adventure motorcycle adventure
petawawa river 2008 the petawawa river runs through algonquin provincial park in ontario.  the st. lawrence university outdoor program ran from cedar lake to mcmanus lake in the spring of 2008. whitewater algonquin provincial park petawawa st. lawrence university outdoor program canoe tripping wilderness
cory trepanier's into the arctic #05: canoe pick-up artist cory trepanier's into the arctic video journal series  the trepaniers stop in thunder bay, ontario to pick up their prototype 20 foot carbon fiber-kevlar 4 seater bell canoe for their trip across the country. __________  the view the into the arctic video journal series in high resolution (640x360,h.264), subscribe via itunes by clicking here:   find out all the details about this exciting project at  learn more about the fine art of cory trepanier at  art artist arctic polar landscape north canada painting painter trepanier nature travel wilderness outdoors adventure
canoe lake wapomeo island algonquin provincial park tom thomson tom thomson july 8 2010 on canoe lake wapameo island girls camp algonquin park 9am 30c.  mnr dhc-2 turbo beaver stol approach audio to smoke lake a few times while on canoe lake 12 hours.  wind was bigtime in the afternoon and blew me to the tom thomson memorial totem pole built in the 1930's.  i heard those same loons at 12midnite after the tom thomson gravesite nitevision shoot.  between the loons, woodpeckers and bull frogs how can anyone sleep......30c at midnite....two rainstorms that day. tom thomson algonquin park canada gravesite july 2010 outdoors nature wilderness airplanes camping environment summer
beautiful northwestern ontario seen from above - banana lake drone flight - june 17, 2016 a short view from above with our dji phantom 3 professional drone of banana lake near dryden in northwestern ontario.  shows how vast the bush is and why it's called banana lake!   if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   we got our sena bluetooth pack for gopro here:   we got our sena 10c - camera and communicator here:   we got our sena smh10 bluetooth helmet communicator here:   thanks for watching!  music by audionautix - jason shaw -  the voyage   join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter and instagram:    you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our  faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:              dji phantom 3 drone quadcopter aerial view cubbeezx atv unmanned aerial vehicle all terrain vehicle banana lake lake northern ontario canada dryden scenic adventure outdoors wilderness remote rugged bush road exploring
hiking in cache lake, alberta, canada hiking through a hill in cache lake, alberta, canada. this is during the first retreat while on edmonton project 2010 through campus for christ, power to change cachelake cache lake alberta canada edmontonproject powertochange hiking outdoors wilderness
cameron falls, northwest territories, canada a quick hike to cameron falls about 47 kms east of yellowknife, on the ingraham trail in the northwest territories, canada. recorded using a gopro hero 2 on 11th august 2012 travel canada northwest territories nwt falls cameron falls yellowknife hike hiking trail walk nature wilderness hidden lake wild waterfalls waterfall the north northern canada gopro hero2 ingraham trail tourism
ipp-destruction of the morkill river (part 3) this is part 3 of my movies on the morkill river which is located 2.0  hrs east of prince george bc.the bc government wants to dam the river  above the falls and run a water diversion pipe to a power house at the  bottom of the falls in the raceway where the salmon spawn and the  grizzlys feed on the ocean going salmon.hon shirley bond came out to  meet with the local community the other day so we will see if this  planned destructive ipp will get cancelled.keep the pressure on email  campbell and bond and tell them no to this ipp.this video was taken from the rarely seen west side of the falls morkill river ipp savethecedarleague.org crescent spur dome creek walker wilderness
nootka island nootka island trail, british columbia canada british columbia vancouver island backpacking hiking rain forest victoria west coast wilderness adventure camping cedar remote friendly cove gold river thasis yuquot calvin falls nootka air mv uchuck nootka nootka island hike trail camp
packhorse creek trail ride a horse riding trip in the rocky mountains southeast of fernie, bc in the canadian rocky mountains horseback trail riding bc rockies fernie horse nature wilderness outfitters
king of white otter lake slide show of our recent canoe trip to white otter lake. the song written by bill houston is from my north land cd. jimmy mcquat began his thirty year  building project in 1918 on the shores of this beautiful remote lake in nw ontario. wilderness canada folk country
ice shifting on lake minisinakwa just a short vid of the ice on  minisinakwa  lake in gogama ontario ice
bwcc paddling the red deer river, natural sounds canoe camping trip on the red deer river, alberta, with the bow waters canoe club for 3 days in may 2009 canoeing canoe camping red deer river alberta bow waters canoe club bwcc
air force day at rcaf station summerside - june 1963 8mm footage shot by my father, harold phillips, on june 15, 1963, which was air force day at rcaf station summerside, prince edward island, canada.  my father and mother both volunteered for service in the rcaf during world war ii.  my father served with the 119th bomber reconnaissance squadron as ground crew in trenton on, yarmouth ns, sydney ns, gander nl, edmonton ab, and watson lake, yt.  my mother worked in special operations in torbay nl and sydney ns, plotting convoy operations and submarine surveillance in the north atlantic.  there were many planes at this airshow, but of note are the golden hawks, the rcaf's aerobatic team from 1959-64 and the precursor to today's canadian forces 431 air demonstration squadron (the snowbirds).  you can read more about the golden hawks on wikipedia:   the golden hawks had appeared in charlottetown, pei the year before, where an estimated 25,000 people jammed the roads leading to the air show (the population of prince edward island in 1962 was just over 100,000).  read about that day here:   some great footage of the golden hawks in action from the national film board of canada:  royal canadian air force (armed force) summerside (city/town/village) pei prince edward island (canadian province) golden hawks argus canada (country) rcaf aerobatics (hobby) air show sabre
falconlake downhill mountain bike run ridding the downhill run @ falcon lake ...lots of fun, bikes and beyond is having a downhill race here next week june 13 th falcon lake manitoba canada down hill mountain bike jumps fast speed crash crashes mud water funny bikes and beyond norco shore world fun bc forest best downhill you tube jumping outdoors riding bicycle biking ride cycling agility race trail trial extreme dirt bike ride mountain bike nature trials toronto park mountainbike
mountain goats by helicopter in british columbia 2 mountain goats filmed while on vacation @ nimmo bay!        tags: mountain goats by helicopter in british columbia nimmo bay resort vacation canada ride camo 4x4s 4x4 camo4x4s stuart edwards hd hdv high definition mountain goats by helicopter in british columbia nimmo bay resort vacation canada ride camo 4x4s 4x4 camo4x4s stuart edwards hd hdv high definition the world outdoor network won wo great outdoors
ethan elliott and jake pitfeild: killarney ontario biking ethan elliot and jake pitfeild biking  in killarney ontario. e5s tactics e5stactics specialized demo and stumpjumper giant stp 2008 gary fisher tassajara ethan elliott jake pitfe bike canada ryan class mountain jumping free running jumps motorbike cycling downhill agility hunting biking rail boarding mountain bike backflip stunts ride bicycle riding toronto heroes trial trail extreme vancouver dirt crash montreal ontario race trials rachel bike ride lance mountainbike
banff and jasper sup in july 2015, we went to banff and jasper national parks to stand-up paddleboard and explore for three weeks. we suped the bow river, lake louise, bow lake, moraine lake and more. we had a great time with sue shih, our guide/friend. (sorry for the abrupt ending, i lost enthusiasm for videoing up in jasper). banff jasper banff national park (protected site) jasper national park (protected site) bow lake bow river lake louise sup paddleboarding stand up standup paddleboarding (sport) canada silas teasdale river mountain ratatat otis redding british columbia (canadian province) alberta (canadian province) glacier banff to jasper timelapse banff and jasper icefields parkway (tourist attraction)
two cowboys on a journey: small town newspaper - rocky mountain outlook, canmore, alberta read more about this video here:   we are the two cowboys travelling the world, in search of people that make things. we showcase the awesomeness in communities all over canada, u.s. and new zealand. we are a social enterprise. we are funded through donations and sponsorship. all our earnings are applied back to covering our costs of marketing and promoting producers and inspiring local communities.  please help us to bring you more of these programs by supporting us on patreon:  or on gofundme:   the value of the community newspaper is in identifying and highlighting relevant content like politics and opinion to the members of the community. the paper has a role as a mirror and as a conscience. people get to read about and see themselves. they are exposed to important information that may affect them and their family. it is a channel where the overall mood of the people can be reflected, where stupidity is called out, and where concerns are lodged.  the local newspaper is therefore not just necessary; it has an immense role and responsibility in the community.  enjoy with us the video as we get to know a bit more about the people behind the rocky mountain outlook and the history of the paper as we also take a closer look at why a newspaper remains an important part of, and plays a critical role in the health of a community.   get rewarded for supporting our local producers. receive special offers and invitations from the two cowboys:   please help us to bring you more of these programs by supporting us on patreon:  or on gofundme:   we celebrate producers, production, and the prime movers everywhere: people that make things create our society and build our communities. they drive the engine of our world. we should know more about them, and be inspired by what they do. we should learn from them, and discover for yourself the value of making something.  our mantra is: "i made this". if you make something, we are interested in featuring you on our channel. please get in touch:  &  &   please help us make more: your contribution pays it forward so that others can be inspired too:  producers profiled productions business liberty create free market produce make two cowboys travel producer alberta canada community two cowboys and a camera rocky mountain outlook hendrik van wyk canmore newspaper community news opinion rocky mountains cowboy news network tourism innovators learn politics local news rmoutlook moutains banff bow valley kananaskis destination entrepreneur news mountain video news profile video profile aniversary liberty inspiration
hills over looking talbot lake here is a quick 360 from the hills across from talbot lake in jasper national park. talbot lake jasper national park (protected site) rockies climbing mountain
canoeing kenkwaka falls, berens river, manitoba, canada aug 30 2010 mike and hans.    ciii scout. stay in centre to hit stacks! canoe canoeing berens river manitoba
rcmp on yellowhead highway, 29 dec 09 a lot of people have these flatdecks that sit on top of their pickup bed so they can carry two snowmobiles instead of just one...    29 december, 2009  houston  british columbia  canada rcmp youtube editor ford crown vic victoria police interceptor led leds lightbar traffic stop pullover ticket truck pickup skidoo sled snowmobile flatdeck dodge ram bc canada hick central interior british columbia dry powder snow driving road highway 16 yellowhead roadtrip cariboo
green lake cariboo bc canada gorgeous lake perfect for an adventures outdoor day kayaking, canoeing, exploring or just relaxing on one of the nearby beaches. green lake cariboo adventure cariboo lakes lakes bc the best kayaking canoeing walking lake (geographical feature category) horseback riding cariboo regional district (administrative division) water horse canada (country) british columbia (canadian province) hiking (sport) horses
beauty of canoeing canoeing on beaver lake in lac la biche. we have lots of lakes and we like to paddle! we are voyageurs at portage college.  subscribe to see more as we build up our footage collection for our branding video. visit us at:  experience the north and deny the ordinary. canoeing canoe paddling paddle gopro canon lac la biche (city/town/village) portage college (college/university) lake water lakes northern alberta experience north canada beauty pristine
canoeing the north saskatchewan river - nordegg to saunders enjoyed another day trip down the north saskatchewan river.  put-in at the bridge near nordegg, alberta, and took-out at saunders.  it was a 29 km trip.  very low flow in the river, but great to be canoeing in november.  hope you enjoy. canoe canoeing solo canoeing north saskatchewan river saunders alberta nordegg forestry trunk road river paddling solo paddling clipper prospector canada rocky mountains saunders ledge
nation lakes canoe route a seven day trip on the nation lakes canoe route north of fort st. james which is nw of prince george, bc, canada.  aug 22-29, 2009.  this trip is beautiful on big lakes.  it is similar to the bowron lakes in terms of length and difficulty.  but the solitude is much greater.  we saw only one canoe, day 2, of our trip and a power boat in the distance on day 5.  that, and a couple cabins on chuchi, were the only signs of people that we saw.  we used nation lakes canoeing camp ( for the canoe rental and shuttle (5 hrs on logging roads).    trip report:   photo album:  nation lakes canoeing canada british columbia prince george canoe paddling tsayta tsayta lake chuchi lake chuchi indata lake indata tchentlo lake tchentlo kanu paddeln kanada
2 day canoe trip - rain lake | algonquin provincial park, on our late fall trip to rain lake in algonquin park. we had originally planned to go canoe lake but the weather changed to be quite cold and windy. we paddled in on rain lake to set up camp and hiked some of the western uplands backpacking trail. camping hiking algonquin canoeing canoe wilderness bushcraft adventure backcountry ontario rain lake fall
canoeing in wabakimi park a couple of quiet mornings canoeing on wabakimi and whitewater lakes in wabakimi provincial park, ontario. canoe canoeing paddling wabakimi pakboat
oregon dave interviews phil cotton of the wabakimi project oregon dave interviews phil cotton (aka uncle phil), founder of the wabakimi project, a unique grassroots volunteer initiative founded in 2004 to explore and document the historical and traditional canoe routes of wabakimi provincial park in central ontario canada. the end result is set of maps to help visitors plan and mount self-directed, self-guided canoe trips in the wabakimi area, a world class canoe destination.  phil and i discuss why this area is so important and what the project is accomplishing. at the very end uncle phil explains and demonstrates the purpose of the conical birch bark device i found near a portage into a small lake, while participating in the projects first trip of 2015.   key takeaways:  the park was created in 1983 and expanded later to protect the remaining woodland caribou, a key indicator species. access to the park itself is limited, making surrounding provincial parks and crown lands important to map and protect as well.  the park and surrounding areas is much  larger than bwca and quetico combined, containing a world class canoe area that sees limited use. the mapping of canoe routes, portages & campsites is vitally important for the ultimate management plans to protect this resource for the future.  these plans are still in an early state of development.  as the wabakimi project comes to a conclusion in a few more years, the new non-profit friends of wabakimi ( will eventually assume responsibility for the volunteer conservancy efforts to rehabilitate and document canoe routes in the wabakimi area and participate in planning processes to advocate for the protection and preservation of the diverse natural, cultural and historical resources of the wabakimi area that includes adjacent parks and crown lands. wabakimi wabakimi project wabakimi provincial park phil cotton friends of wabakimi dave mcteague oregon dave boundary waters bwca quetico canoe canoeing exploration outdoors
tru advg 3110 adventure activities-canoeing clearwater lake.mov advg 3110 adventure activities is a 3rd year course offered by the adventure studies department at tru. this video highlights the class's canoe trip to clearwater lake over thanksgiving weekend. tru adventure studies canoeing clearwater lake
camping in canada this is a video i put together from my last trip back to canada in the summer of 2009. these videos are in the vicinities of six mile lake, killbear and killarney. canada camping canoeing black bear ontario six mile lake killbear killarney
on (and in) thorburn lake | where am i wednesday | episode 10 although i'm still in newfoundland and labrador, i've been preparing for the start of my next adventure: europe. of course, whenever one is faced with a big change, there's always that hesitation to take the leap. newfoundland travel swimming canoeing vegan
rmr: rick goes ice canoeing rick pays a visit to winter carnival to race across the frozen st. lawrence river and down the streets of quebec city with the hmcs montcalm's ice canoe team. rmr rick mercer report rick mercer rick mercer report mercer report canada canadian cbc television comedy carnival quebec city quebec bonhomme ice canoeing ice canoeing saint lawrence river saint lawrence river hmcs montcalm hmcs montcalm
canoeing south saskatchewan river - saskatoon, saskatchewan the canoe is a canadian wilderness icon.  it leaves no trace of its passage through the wilds, but it has left an indelible impression on the canadian psyche.  ancient aboriginals, early voyageurs and today's canoeists - all have been moved by the canoe - physically and spiritually.  with this in mind, it was only fitting that the gcat crew spend an afternoon out on a river in a canoe.      we hooked up with outdoor enthusiast and owner of canoeski discovery, cliff speer, for a paddle down the south saskatchewan river.  cliff has been canoeing these waters for over 30 years and is a firm believer that canoeing heightens the ecological senses.  he says it inspires a desire to care for the wild places that only a canoe can access.  at canoeski, they follow the environmental credo of respecting the earth in all their activities. this includes applying conservation principles to all aspects of the operation, practicing minimum impact camping, and contributing to local conservation efforts.    during our paddle we not only enjoyed fantastic autumn weather, but we were fortunate to catch some of the annual migration of canada geese, snow geese, and sandhill cranes.  one of the great things about canoeing is that without a motor you can blend in with the environment and get the opportunity to truly be at one with nature.      if you ever get to saskatoon and want to give canoeing a try, call cliff and he'll be happy to introduce you to one of canada's favourite outdoor pastimes.      follow the great canadian adventure tour  visit our site:      join us on facebook and twitter:     canoeing south saskatchewan river canoeski great canadian adventure tour saskatoon saskatchewan canoe adventure canada travel tourism
crowduck lake part i part 1 of our canoe trip from big whiteshell lake to crowduck lake. crowduck lake whiteshell lake manitoba canada canoeing canoe paddling canadian sield hammock camping
ritchie lake canoe trip.wmv an overnight canoe trip into ritchie lake. we stayed at the mantario trail camp site. mantario trail ritchie lake hiking camping canoeing dog walking nature wilderness
algonquin park experience algonquin park through custom wilderness experiences with algonquin outfitters, your outdoor adventure store.   toll free reservations: 1-800-469-4948  wilderness canoe trip experiences designed around your desires. algonquin's largest fleet of ultra light kevlar/carbon canoes await your adventures. 9 stores in and around algonquin park, ontario, canada   toll free reservations: 1-800-469-4948 algonquin outfitters park canoe trips family kayaking canoeing wilderness rental camping ontario canada muskoka swift ao portage hiking scenic scenery landscape map maps guided guide vacation paddle kayak outdoors canoe trip
woodland caribou provincial park 2016 canoe trip days 0 through 3 the first 4 days of a 16 day father / son canoe trip into the remote and beautiful woodland caribou provincial park in ontario, canada. this video includes the drive from calgary to red lake and the first 3 days from onnie to telescope to glenn lakes. woodland caribout provincial park ontario canada canoe canoeing wilderness souris river canoe wcpp onnie lake telescope lake hjalmar lake petroglyphs red lake
golden ears canoe trip join the boys of venture company x on a bowron lakes shakedown trip on alouette lake in golden ears provincial park. backpacking hiking camping geocaching canoeing canoe camping golden ears scouts canada
rebbeca falls quetico rebbeca falls, on iron lake in the quetico provincial park, ontario rebbeca falls iron lake quetico provincial park ontario boundary waters bwca bwcaw canoeing camping minnesota canada
mountain river canoe trip exciting 2 week wilderness canoe trip down the mountain river in canada's northwest territories. widely considered one of canada's best wilderness rivers, 12 people in tandem canoes paddle 270km through 5 canyons and exciting rapids enjoying hikes up the nearby mountains. trip guided by blackfeather,  this is the introduction from the 35min film "mountain river" on the dvd "this is canoeing", see  canoe canoeing mountain river canada river northwest territories nwt norman wells mackenzie mountains nahanni blackfeather mountain wendy grater justine curgenven cackletv rapids whitewater adventure wilderness nature camping expedition caribou canyon this is canoeing
sindhu and claire canoeing in pike lake isa picnic 2016 at pike lake isa uofs pike lake isa picnic university of saskatchewan india students' association saskatchewan saskatoon canoeing
canoeing the north saskatchewan river alberta 1 canoe canoeing bow waters canoe club whitewater camping river kayak park alberta canada water river canoe canoeing bow waters canoe club whitewater camping kayak park alberta outdoor sports
missinaibi river - june 2007 - part i rob girard & dave burke canoe the lower missinaibi river, from mattice, ontario to moosonee, ontario. filmed june, 2007. missinaibi river canoeing rob girard dave burke
rc cwr douglasdale trail with trailer in tow down to the ridge at douglasdale with the 2 axial honchos and cooler trailer in tow. will and i took turns towing the trailer and mounted my new gopro on board to test out a few different views. trying to figure out what view we are going to use on the ctgs urban assault 5. if we take the cooler trailer loaded, we are going to need alot of batts to get through the down town run. can't wait for the 28th so stay tuned for that video. today was a great day for a trail run and what a great spot too, so close to home. thanks for watching and enjoy. cheers.  google+       instagram     face book     kevin macleod big rock, slow burn, the complex incompetech.com  rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
737 landing on a frozen lake in nunavut some hd footage of a 737 landing on an ice strip in nunavut canada. 737 ice strip frozen lake arctic
whitewater canoeing - petawawa river, algonquin park -  july 2011 - gopro hd the petawawa river, algonquin park, ontario    a whitewater canoe trip down the mighty petawawa river in algonquin park ontario, canada.     yes that is a canoe wrapped around a rock @ 3:40.    filmed entirely on a gopro hd camera. it's awesome you should get one.    last two long segments are:    1. lower crooked chute -  class iii canoe - starts @ 2:45 - 3:50   -no one was hurt though i did get caught up in the canoe as i floated by. pretty scary indeed. the canoe unwrapped itself a few minutes later and was ready to take on the next series of rapids.                  2. the famous rollaway rapid - class iv canoe - starts @ 3:50 - 5:20   -we were the only ones to attempt running the entire rapid without eddying out. such a blast!      trip details:    4 days 3 nights    put in: wendigo lake  pull out: mcmanus lake    music:   drive it like you stole it - the glitch mob   canoeing whitewater whitewater canoeing canoe camping petawawa petawawa river algonquin park water bridge gopro hd gopro hd ontario canada portage
achray algonquin carcajou bay sunrise on grand lake carcajou bay (karkishoo) to the native pictographs and underwater colourfull lilies  disclaimer: i do not own any of this music, nor am i making a profit off of it. the music and material in this video belongs to riverside and  porcupine tree.   back to the river 06:29 (instrumental)...rapid eye movement   oceans have no memory - porcupine tree - (3:09) ... recordings  algonquin provincial park (protected site) tourism (interest) photography (visual art form) achray ontario grand lake summer vacation porcupine tree riverside musical group canoeing (sport) canoeing adventure native landmark photography action camera underwater video sunrise camping canada foscam action cam lilies dawn photography calm water achray
algonquin interior trip may 13th -15th day 1 sorry about the audio on the gopro shots, i know they're kind of quiet...in this video we travel from the magnetawan lake access point into hambone, acme, daisy lake then onto the petawawa river. we ended up on little misty for the night, as riley the husky sprained his tail in the canoe. we're travelling as a group of 7 - 1 girl, 3 guys and 3 dogs! check out the contest at  for a chance to win gift certificates for algonquin outfitters!! instagram @young.outdoors stay tuned for day 2! algonquin provincial park algonquin interior camping magnetawan lake hambone lake acme lake daisy lake petawawa river little misty lake canoe tripping canoeing canoeists algonquin outfitters algonquin interior
episode 3: three day solo trip in algonquin park three day solo canoe trip to algonquin park, south of highway 60. start point was cache lake on september 1, 2016. stayed on lawrence lake for the first night. second night was on mcgarvey lake. lots of wildlife and beautiful scenery. twenty one lakes and twenty one portages. canoeing algonquin park algonquin provincial park algonquin canoe trip canoe ontario parks canada wilderness nature scenery lakes portages tips how to technique guide solo alone wild cache lake solo trip lake camping camp camper overnight animals animal fail funny fun trip wildlife bird amateur learn therapy
expedition wildlife teaser 01 three rivers international conservation expedition 2008 - snake river - yukon / nwt conservation wilderness international yukon nwt wildlife expedition rafting canoeing adventure nature paradise gwichn first nation
murtle lake - wells gray park annual old farts outing - this time in pristine and beautiful wells gray park canoeing hiking murtle lake wells gray park bc
more grand river canoeing - time lapse another time lapse vid of a day canoeing on the grand river from cayuga ontario.  we paddled to dunnville which took 4 hours. this is this first hour. the water was moving much slower compared to the trip from paris. grand river canoeing cayuga dunnville ontario time lapse
bwcc paddling the red deer river, music canoe camping trip on the red deer river, alberta, with the bow waters canoe club for 3 days in may 2009 canoe canoeing red deer river alberta bow waters canoe club rolf stengl bwcc
4 week canoe trip camp stephens 4 week boys canoe trip. traveled over 400 kilometres through northern ontario. 4 week canoe trip week camp stephens ontario canoeing canoeing canoe trip canada 4 week canoe trip camp stephens 4 week canoe trip canoe trip edit mikiami falls northern ontario barrens river serpent river otter falls woman falls child falls ontario water july 2014 over 400 kilometres
nation lakes canoe route -- chuchi lake chuchi lake is the last lake on the nation lakes canoe trip. lake nation river park water canoe canoeing route trip chain lakes paddling wilderness mountain bowron substitute chuchi tchentlo indata tsayta
amphibex ice breaker ice breaking on the red river in selkirk manitoba march 31/09 amphibex ice breaking
wanapitei river canoe our canoe trip on the wanapitei river from wanapitei lake to sunset rd. includes route maps. excellent for a day trip (approximately 6-7 hours). river wanapitei river wahnapetae wahnapetae river wahnapetae lake hiking blueberries canoeing canoe pelican outdoors wilderness sudbury whitewater white water voyage adventure route compilation montage nature ontario northern ontario daytrip canoe location decription map documentary edward sharpe and the magnetic zeros home wanapitei lake wanapitei canoe trip
the nation river - tsayta lake to indata lake this section of the nation rivers links tsayta to indata. the nation river is part of the nation lakes canoe route water nation lakes canoe route trip chain canoeing paddling bc canada wilderness mountain park river logjam portage track
killarney george lake lunch spot view from my picnic lunch on george lake, killarney provincial park, ontario killarney george lake canoeing ontario
halfway lake & biscotasi lake provincial park pictures from biscotasi lake trip july 24-28/2011 we stayed at halfway lake provincial park on july 23/11 then spent the next 4 days in biscotasi lake provincial park backcountry it was beautiful canoeing backcountry camping biscotasi lake
quetico movie movie about a guy paddling through quetico provincial park in ontario, canada!!! quetico park ely mn canoe trip camping trip canoeing ontario canada outdoors summer paddling
a man and his canoe - dan peacock eastlink magazine - nova scotia visits with dan peacock, a canoe enthusiast from shelburne county, who takes to the water 12 months of the year. as long as there is running water, you will find dan out on the rivers and lakes of southern nova scotia. dan peacock shelburne nova scotia roseway river canoe enthusiast canoeing eastlinktv local community access tv television programming eastlink magazine atlantic maritimes winter atlantic canada outdoor sports water kayak
bwcc canoe vermillion river bc hector gorge july 2011  high water  steve  bow waters canoe club bwcc canoe canoeing whitewater bc canada river bow waters canoe club bwcc outdoor sports
chaos algonquin camping trip 2016 the second annual team chaos dragon boat club backcountry camping trip to rock lake in algonquin provincial park. the group stayed one of the camp sites of rock lake and from there paddled out for some day trips including a hike of the booth's rock trail.  shot with: tomtom bandit music: welcome home by radical face algonquin provincial park backcountry camping algonquin ontario yours to discover kayaking canoeing discover ontario
canoeing the musquodoboit river, nova scotia. a 16km paddle from elderbank to meagher's grant (day trip).  for detailed information on paddling the musquodoboit river, visit:  canoe canoeing river musquodoboit nova scotia paddle paddling elderbank meaghers meagher's grant trip canada kayak kayaking ns halifax
canoeing in killarney bay canoeing in killarney bay for the first time was spectacular and really raised the bar for me in northern ontario beauty. this was taken on killarney bay on the north end of george island where you will find lots of little islands to explore. canoeing killarney
camp pathfinder: canoe tripping check out the corrected audio version:   camp pathfinder is a boys summer camp located in algonquin provincial park in ontario, canada. pathfinder specializes in sending canoe trips throughout the park, ontario, and quebec. since 1914, boys ages 7-15 from rochester, buffalo, toronto, and around the world have paddled and portaged the lakes and rivers of algonquin. this is a short montage of canoe tripping clips taken over the last ten summers.  canoe trips algonquin park camp pathfinder summer camps adventure paddling ontario boys moose canoeing camping hiking wilderness canada cpi overnight
canoeing whiteman falls, berens river, manitoba, canada august 25 2010. clive and john. volume cii technical rapid. come in on the right, upstream ferry to the left side, and go! canoe canoeing rapids berens river manitoba
sayward forest canoe route ver. 1.1 a blend of video clips and slides depicting the sayward forest canoe circuit, north of campbell river, bc, canada outdoor sports park water camping sayward forest forest canoe canoe circuit circuit route route canoeing paddling kayak kayaking canada portage lake creek white book campbell river bc b.c. sport camping michel gauthier guidebook map map maps bowron park morton amor brewster lake mohun surprise gosling fry trestle old growth outdoor sports
wind river, yukon canoe trip this is a set of video clips from a 2010 canoe trip we did on the wind river, yukon, canada.  the first clips are of canoe lessons.  the video ends with a rendition of "do you know the way to taco bar".  taco bar is the normal pullout point for canoe trips on the wind, bonnet plume, and snake rivers.    visit our website to see a description and slideshow of this trip:    canoe wind river canoeing yukon arctic
bird river elbow lake part 1 a two day canoe trip in nopiming park manitoba. tulabi falls, bird river to elbow lake. travel log educational camping canoeing rivers lakes portages whitewater rapids eagles nature forests trees rocks mud rainy day sunny
a minute of canoeing at bon echo provincial park, ontario one of the best places to go camping in ontario, as it was mid summer we spend most of the time at the lake, but we are planning a rock climbing trip for next year.   music by joakim karud  bonecho ontario toronto camping canoeing lake dog border collie canoe swiming raul
rankin river canoe route access #3 rankin river canoe route access #3: pike river please visit us at:   in this video we visit the rankin river, located between wiarton and oliphant in bruce county, ontario. the canoeing day trip was great, and we were lucky to get up close to nesting osprey. the full recording of the osprey can be viewed here:  canoeing canoe trip canoe route ontario rankin river
why wabun? those who know about wabun, know it's a special place. the legendary wilderness canoe tripping camp on lake temagami takes groups of campers ages 10-18 out on the lakes and rivers of northern ontario for 3 and 6 week trips.  for more:  and check us out on facebook. wilderness adventure ontario lake temagami summer camp canoe tripping wabun outdoor adventure youth camp canoeing camping camp fun wilderness canada summer
algonquin camp trip lake opeongo with aerial views in 4k group of us went to lake opeongo in algonquin for a camp trip which couldn't have gone any better, what an awesome time, amazing people, great fun!  one of the best parts about camping is the "bubble" where you've got no idea what's going on in the outside world and you couldn't really care less.  follow us on insta:   for filming, photo & general inquiries please email: arawas87@hotmail.com  thanks for all the fun times guys! saher aka jungle man will survive anywhere! rafeik aka sssuuuuurrrrreeeeee thanks for cooking whats good :) mahmoud we will spray you with all the bee protection we have next time lol mido...your laugh though moataz thank you for fully understanding risk lol yousef for blazing through the forest no problem abd, your a hilarious character man :) amro, i promise to bring coffee especially for you next time lol weaim your the only one trained to defend our camp haha zach...whats everyone else's opinion first! lol just kidding habib  music by: joakim karud: - wish you were here (x dyalla) - by the croft  not the king - iced tea and of course - big water from the land before time    algonquin park lake opeongo camp trip raod trip camping back country nature wilderness wild canoeing canoe tent night sky star gazing toronto ontario canada north 6ix views fun friends family drone dji phantom 4 aerial 4k film scenery scenic camp fire camp life discover clouds island sunset moon back flip tricks water waves marshmallow grill bbq wood hiking
temagami family trip. canoe crash at sturgeon river. happy ending. 2015 we went to temagami provincial park for the first time. ahead of us was up to a week of paddling and camping in this part of ontario. we started our tour happily at the top of sturgeon river, and after a few meanders we saw a massive fallen tree blocking the river. the current was very strong, we couldn't manage to stop. we ended up broadside with the canoe sinking, luckily, to the right side of the river, paralel to the big tree trunk.  everything went under the tree, the canoe, all the gear, ourselves... (more)   read . marcopolo . blogspot . com family kids outdoor blog  marcopolo videos activities travel temagami (city/town/village) temagami provincial park ontario canoeing sink adventure luck underwater gear tumbled over canoe crash river sturgeon sturgeon river northern pike (animal) camping capsite beach
nation lakes canoe route - tchentlo lake tchentlo lake is the largest lake on the nation lake canoe route lake canoe river water park nation lakes canoe canoeing bowron alternative trip route circuit chain trek boreal tchentlo chuchi tsayta indata hot sprints wild flowers mountain
canoeing the north saskatchewan river - saskatchewan crossing to abraham lake a day trip canoeing down the north saskatchewan river.  put-in near saskatchewan crossing, in banff national park, and took-out at preacher's point, at the head of abraham lake.  the length of the trip was 35km, not 29km as stated in the video, my mistake.  very nice scenery, and an enjoyable paddle.  hope you enjoy. canoe canoeing solo canoeing north saskatchewan river whirlpool point alberta rocky mountains canada banff national park limber pine clipper prospector icefields parkway preachers point saskatchewan crossing abraham lake david thompson country alberta's oldest tree
french river village coponaning ghost town saw mill alligator ruins a trip to the french river area wouldn't be complete without a visit to the old mill and village coponaning town sites. the wreck symbols on the strip charts near buoy dc3  are supposedly from derelict "alligator" tug boats left to die, all that remains are their boilers and pieces of tin. the area is now so overgrown it's difficult to piece together the mill site from a vintage low-res internet photo. still lots of iron bits laying around, and portions of the original derelict steam engine. anyone know the story about it?  hard to imagine that a village of 1500 people at some point used to live here. french river provincial park steam engine ruins antiques ghost town saw mill alligator boilers park camping kayaking canoeing explore lumber coponaning village log logs logging historic boating wrecks abandoned towns tug boat steam boat amphibious alligator tugboat tug boat georgian bay lake huron north channel
killarney - venture behind the lens experience the beauty and awe of ontario's hidden gem: killarney provincial park.  music: tony anderson - 'perpetual'  make sure you subscribe for my vlogs! many more to come... ____________________________________________________  music wanted! if you are a music producer and would like me to use your music (fun, upbeat, etc) please email me at amyottesd@gmail.com. i would be happy to credit you in the video.  ____________________________________________________  all filmed on a gopro hero 4 black. killarney (city/town/village) killarneyontario killarney ontario killarney provincial park killarneyprovincialpark killarneyprovincial portage canoeing canoeing killarney venture venture behind the lens behind the lens tourist destination nellie lake
backcountry 2010 - kawartha highlands: serpentine lake loop canoe route serpentine lake loop completed in early summer 2010.    background  my father and i have been canoeing all our lives.  over the years we've come to record multiple canoe trips documentary style with multiple cameras, interviews and the likes. this time around i will be uploading a series of simple, quick edit,  videos such as this one from easy weekend trips. these are meant to showcase the beauty of the area and not our photography skills as per a documentary.  hope you enjoy and please comment on what you would like to see more of in future videos. backcounty camping canoeing kawartha highlands provincial park serpentine lake portage waterfall river lake canoe camp tent fish creek documentary paddle hike summer stajanleafs serpentine wilderness portage nature backcountrytv brad jennings
algonquin park canoe trip kiosk maple loop 7 days july 2015 moose! 7 gorgeous days canoeing in algonquin from kiosk lake through maple creek and back up through waterclear and whitebirch lakes.  2 moose sightings and a whole lot of "meteorites". algonquin canoeing kiosk maplecreek moose adventure canada
canoeing at wellman lake - adam hayes, june 2012 this is a video of myself taking my girlfriend for a 3.5 hour canoe ride at wellman lake.  this is a week after i fully recovered from pneumonia (lost 10-15lbs in muscle in the ordeal) and 2 days before a much needed haircut. wellman_lake wellman adam_hayes hayes canoeing canoing
canoe camping trip - missinaibi river  - ontario, canada, august 2008 - 2 of 2 part 2   xander budnick, maxim budnick, justin partridge, and justin doktor   2008 canoe trip down the missinaibi river to james bay in northern ontario, canada...  sorry about the quality. the entire video was filmed on my digital camera with a broken screen outdoors rapids missinaibi portaging travel river camping canoeing
algonquin day 1 - canoe lake to white trout a quick three day interior trip with friends from canoe lake to opeongo. one kayak, two canoes, and three amazing days in the park. the weather was gorgeous, the bugs were manageable, and after we pushed through the lakes nearest the access point, we basically had the park to ourselves.  algonquin kayak kayak camping algonquin provincial park camping canoeing canoe canoe lake (lake) portaging opeongo lake (lake)
nation lakes canoe route - tsayta lake btsayta lake is in the southern ranges of the omineca mountains, british columbia, canada. lake canoe river water row canoeing paddling trip chain route nation lakes bowron substitute tripping fort st. james prince george boreal forest outdoors wilderness bear grizzly park provincial canada mountain tourism tsayta indata tchentlo chuchi
stewart lake ontario experimental lakes canoe trip canoeing
algonquin provincial park - through the seasons ( algonquin park is a world renowned tourist destination. discover what algonquin has to offer through the seasons in this short, non-narrated, video featuring the highlights of this 7,630 square kilometre protected park in ontario, canada. for more information about planning your visit to algonquin park see:   algonquin provincial park ontario canada spring summer fall autumn winter visit hiking canoeing camping developed backcountry rv nature wolf moose beaver bear outdoors tourism wilderness
algonquin park quick trip: barron river new series, algonquin park quick trips. this trip starts at the brigham lake put-in off of achray road, on the east side of algonquin provincial park. after the put in its a quick but very scenic paddle down the barron river to the barron canyon, one of algonquin parks greatest natural features. barron canyon baron canyon canoeing canoeing algonquin park algonquin provincial park canoe trip solo solo canoe trip canoe trip algonquin park camping algonquin park algonquin provincial park hiking canoeing barron canyon canyon vlog outdoors self reliance canada wilderness canoe camping barron canyon algonquin algonquin camping uniqlo tilley hat colombia langford
40 acres for sale near kelowna, b.c. two 20 acre parcels, sierra drive, ellison above kelowna airport. acreage with barn and view $650,000. acreage with pond $550,000. power and two wells. pond. 60'x40' barn with 2 bedroom apartment. views of okanagan lake. contact info in video. kelowna b.c. property land for sale 40 acres 20 acres acreage barn airport water power paved road view apartment pond farm
houston british columbia apartment fire houston british columbia apartment fire 2012  "metallica-st. anger", sound recording administered by: umg apartment fire houston british columbia pine crest 2012 canada apartments
potter 15 - broughton bc 2015 - part 1 my wwp15 cruising the broughton archipelego and johnstone strait in august 2015. north vancouver island wwp15 potter 15 west wight potter broughton archipelago (island group) pocket cruiser british columbia (canadian province) tourist destination johnstone strait (body of water)
waterway tips #5 - rice lake railway cribbing when crossing rice lake along the trent severn waterway (tsw), one must be aware of an ancient railway cribbing that straddles the lake close to the entrance of the otonabee river. this railway cribbing was installed in the mid 1800's but suffered extensive ice damage and was abandoned after only six years of service.   there is a well marked spot to pass safely and is part of the main small craft route that crosses in a east-west direction across the lake. unfortunately, boaters who are unaware hit this obstruction every year - so keep an eye out for the markers and be aware of where you are!   rice lake is one of the largest lakes along the tsw, second only to lake simcoe.  location of this video: 44.16467 -78.19322 (rice lake, ontario)  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to check our site -  - for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  future dvd productions will include travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information.  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun water railway cribbing danger saftey help tips train tourist destination
aurora at elk island time lapse of the aurora at elk island national park on the morning of november 16, 2014 alberta, canada. elk island national park (protected site) tourist destination aurora northern lights time-lapse alberta canada aurorawatch
adventure journal - kelleys island, ohio some of the best kept secrets of the buckeye state are the series of islands in lake erie. home to unique animals, agriculture, geological formations, and much more, they're yet another reason to call ohio home. i have grown quite fond of kelleys island in-particular through the passion displayed for it by my family. this video catalogs some of our adventures during the summer of 2013.  filmed 100% in ohio. kelleys island (city/town/village) tourist destination adventure gopro hero2
goodbye belleville ontario, hello trenton ontario please "thumbs up" this video. thank you! subscribe:  larry graves asmr channel:  all my playlists:  facebook:  twitter:  important: don't forget to click the "bell" next to the subscribe button and select "send me all notifications for this channel".  otherwise you may not receive notification when i upload. #canadianstudmuffin #larrygraves #trentonontario #quintewest  larry graves aka canadian studmuffin is from trenton ontario and has been creating original comedy videos on youtube since february 2006.  please support my channel by leaving comments and rating the videos you watch. thank you! conditioning marriage moving belleville larry graves trenton ontario humor apartment animals funny air larrygravestv puppets life comedy canadian studmuffin ipad lava breakup pets cat house 2012 lamp
urban sprawl: watch st. john's grow before your eyes today, google updated its "timelapse" site with  30-year timelapses of the earth underlining the massive changes the planet has undergone since 1984. we focused the camera on the north east avalon to capture the huge amount of residential growth in three decades.   for more google timpelapses, go to:     subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador cbcnl timelapse st. john's residential growth development north east avalon
is the costco in st. john's moving? costco wholesale in st. john's is looking at pulling up roots from stavanger drive in the east end, and moving to danny williams's galway development.  read more on this story here:    subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador cbcnl costco st. john's costco wholesale stavanger drive stavanger danny williams williams dewcor galway development
kelowna water skiing april 12 08 water skiing on duck lake kelowna, april 12 2008 at 1 30pm, spring fever. british columbia destination canada vacations kelowna getaways boat rental tours orchards development resort westjet jcvdude thompson okanagan tourism bc hellobc hot sands beach grand hotel manteo playa de soleil mountain biking kite boarding big white sunwing travel agent review resorts and lodges idabel lakefront resorts conference center ogopogo bird watching ornithology hostels water skiing slalom duck lake sports marathons wake fest flights to
sled'n up robinson ridge snowmobiling and skiing up robinson ridge in kitimat, bc robinson ridge kitimat ktimaat sled'n snowmobiling skiing bc canada gil kallio yamaha 540 mountain
canoe wakeboarding bill takes a canoe out behind a motor boat with a ski rope and attempts to ride it like a wakeboard. canoe wakeboarding 720 480 30 crazy canoeing accidents building trip slalom motor polo fishing camping amazing bikini insane wild wakeboard
chin b to mt lc u gi th la 1341 quy inh v vit bi. ( bn ha mi cht lng cao trn ton quc - t: 0989.750.757 ). 1. cc bi vit mi, hoc bi vit tr li (gi chung l cc bi vit) cn theo ng nh hng, tn ch hot ng ca din n. cc bi vit cn da trn tinh thn thin ch, xy dng, cu th. 2. khng vit v gi cc bi vit thuc cc trng hp sau: - bi vit s dng cc t ng nhy cm, phn cm, ting lng, t by... - bi vit thiu vn ha, vi phm o c, thun phong, m tc. - bi vit c tnh kch ng bo lc, i try, khiu dm, phn ng, vi phm php lut... - ni dung bi vit c dng  ni xu,  kch, khch bc, ch trch, bi nh, s nhc, m ch, ch bai, e da c nhn, t chc. - ni dung bi vit cha ng cc thng tin ring t, nhy cm, xm phm quyn ring t, c nhn ca ngi khc nh: s in thoi, email. - ni dung bi vit mang tnh cht qung co, marketing, tip th, qung b, bun bn, rao vt cc sn phm, dch v khng lin quan ti din n. - ni dung bi vit lin quan ti tn gio, tn ngng, chnh tr. - bi vit khng c ni dung, khng c  ngha, mang tnh cht spam. - bi vit khng s dng ngn ng ting vit, khng c du, vit sai chnh t, kh c, kh hiu.. 3.  xy dng nh hng nh trn th tt c cc bi vit s c duyt qua bn th ba ri mi hin th. mi ngi c th trao i vi nhau, nhng hi qun s khng nht thit phi tr li qua y. ai c vn  g khng hiu cn gii p hy gi in n s t h tr: 0989.750.757, khng tr li tin nhn. 4. iu khon cam kt: bn chim ha mi cht lng cao trn ton quc - c bo hnh. ha mi cha qua tay ngi chi, cha cng kch, ang n cm g, cha c mi ti, chim cha cng ht phng nhng ht tt, thi  tt, t cht tt. gi ng con chim  ng trn clip, bo m chim khe n tay khch hng. bo hnh cc tt li ca chim ha mi nh: ngoi, nga, ln mo, mt mng. t vn cch nui v cch chi cho khch hng  mua chim ha mi ca hi qun. in thoi h tr: 0989.750.757, khng nhn tin, nn gi vo bui ti, v ngy rt bn. nhiu lc bn vic  c quan hoc l ht hng ti s tt in thoi. mi ngi c th gi li vo lc khc. xem hm mi ng  y:  chin b to mt lc u gi th la 1341
fall in algonquin provincial park a 10-day solo trip from lake opeongo to canoe lake in september 2014. algonquin provincial park (protected site) fall autumn acer rubrum (organism classification) tourist destination canada ontario (canadian province) proda kanada colours colors
pyramid mountain.mov driving from calgary to jasper and then climbing and skiing the north face of pyramid with ray and todd. pyramid
pukaskwa pic river dunes, lake superior canada ontario canada's pic river forms sand dunes where it meets lake superior. accompanied by lively native funk, this slide show features sweeping landscapes and interesting close-ups of the pic and its active sand dune complex. pic river pic dunes lake superior sand dunes pukaskwa national park manito miikana jimi hendrix machiavelli driftwood tourist destination canada beach ontario
rideguide rideguide visit northern bc bike ride biking road mountain riding downhill trail dirt extreme smithers
selling law to shop for massive profit in rs2007 | no requirements selling law runes at mage bank for average of 120 gp each.  if you need law runes, i'm selling bulk amount for 100 gp each. also buying pure ess 12 gp each. idk whats rc idkwhatsrc
rapids at burleigh falls, ontario  facebook @   a look at the rapids at burleigh falls, ontario, along the trent severn waterway. summer, 2013.   - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' stony lake (lake) rapid sea ray (brand) water falls cruising lovesick lake nature boating travel tsw playlist vacation tourism (industry) adventure burleigh falls boat (taxonomy subject) tsw cruising summer tourist destination
the trent-severn waterway the trent-severn waterway has many interesting and unique methods for moving boats from one body of water to another. this time-lapse video demonstrates just some of the locks that can be found along the route from lake ontario at the bay of quinte to georgian bay.  spending the summer visiting these locks, i was amazed by the engineering. transfers are relatively quick, some as quick as 25 minutes for one sequence. this time-lapse video allows the visitor to see multiple transfers in just five minutes.  i have enjoyed "the summer of time lapse". it reminds me of my film days. i would shoot a roll of 36 and then wait for the c-41 processing before i could see the images. the anticipation is similar with time-lapse, i have to wait for all of the images to be processed into a movie before i can see all the details and movement that i could not see while photographing the sequence.  completed time-lapse sequences always surprise me, what is captured in the detail. clouds would appear still during the shoot only to reveal their formation and movement in a time-lapse. much like a macro image reveals microscopic detail, time-lapse photography reveals details of time and movement.  i have looked at many time-lapse movies by other photographers. some convey a serene or calm approach. others get the holy grail day to night transition spot on. i love the added motion that moving the camera in some way brings. this movie only utilises the ken burns effect provided in imovie.    i used a nikon d7100 dslr and the triggertrap mobile intervalometer on my ipad to trigger the camera. most of the sequences were captured with intervals between 1 and 5 seconds. as the summer progressed, so did the capture settings. i went from jpeg to raw adding nd filters trying for the elusive 1/40, f3.5, and iso 100.  i have invested in lrtimelapse and adobe lightroom for the digital darkroom. all sequences were rendered at 24 frames per second. the final movie was edited in imovie.  please let me know what you think in the comments below. trent severn waterway peterborough big chute lift lock boat sail boat parks canada richard adams time lapse timelapse river time tourist destination time-lapse swing bridge (bridge type) rail transport (industry) selwyn ontario (city/town/village) lakefield ontario (canadian province) burleigh falls nikon dx format (camera format)
algonquin provinical park fall- mew lake and centennial ridges trail please subscribe, i am going to camp and post my whole life!    check out my camping buddy paul's channel    our facebook page     shot sept. 18-19th, 2014  mew lake camp ground was a nice one for car camping. might want to avoid the site(s) we had close to the highway. however,  they did offer a better lake view. centennial ridges trail has spectacular views overlooking different directions of algonquin, just prepare for a few hours out on the trail to stop and enjoy it at spots.    mew lake campground hike to the beach    centennial ridges trail gps track   /541dde2ee4b0b6047ed52bb1  parks website    friends of algonquin mew lake site    google maps   algonquin provincial park (protected site) tourist destination mountain japan climbing hiking camping fire stakes steaks crow centennial centennial ridges trail
running the chute @ bowron lakes lots of people portaged the short section at the south east side of isaac lake. i had the opportunity to have 2 cameras so you can see what it is like to do this fun section with a 18.5 foot fully load sea kayak. bowron lake provincial park (protected site) tourist destination issac lake bowron chute portage river kayak run running video gopro mikecyclone rapids northern bc
boat cruise - peterborough to hastings as part of our 2014 grand boat voyage to the starting point of the trent severn waterway, we got to revisit many great spots. this leg of the down-bound journey takes us from the city of peterborough, ontario (peterborough marina + ashburnham lock), along the winding & picturesque otonabee river, across rice lake and into the village of hastings, ontario. closing sequences were captured at hastings village marina.  musical attribution: 'road trip', by marty nickel (  location of this video (start - peterborough, ontario, canada): 44.29818 -78.30695  filmed in july, 2014, aboard our sea ray 400 sedan bridge.  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun tourist destination river peterborough (city/town/village)
sit back sunday - gopro boat cruise balsam lake to canal lake a long, 25 minute gopro voyage through the kirkfield  cut from balsam lake to the south east, all the way to & through the kirkfield lift lock and on to canal lake on the other side. captured in august of 2013 along ontario, canada's trent severn waterway.  location of start of video at balsam lake; 4434'41.3"n 7853'26.1"w  musical attribution: youtube creator  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to check our site -  - for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  future dvd productions will include travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information.  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun gopro (brand) kirkfield lift lock (lock) gopro hero2 (digital camera) balsam lake (lake) trent severn waterway voyage summer travel aglca loop great loop (location) tsw playlist tourist destination
approach in to canadian rockies international airport in cranbrook - 22nd march 2013 approach from the north into and landing at canadian rockies international airport in cranbrook bc. there was a snow storm from the south but it never got to the airport before we landed. 22nd march 2013  22nd march 2013 cranbrook/canadian rockies international airport (airport) cranbrook (city/town/village) approach to land pacific coastal airlines (airline) tourist destination beech 1900 beech 1900 aircraft
a walk in fort chipewyan, ab description  beautiful day... alberta (canadian province) chipewyan (ethnicity) tourist destination
2015-05-24  regina today.  sunrise by the wascana hill regina saskatchewan.  may 24, 2015.  a forest fire in the north resulted in a hazy sky..  set the camera to capture the event  anyway.  a unique effect resulted .  the music used is from the youtube audio library:   9th_symphony_finale_by_beethoven.mp3 regina saskatchewan sunrise regina (city/town/village) tourist destination
passing under the bluewater bridge heading north on the st. clair river and under the bluewater bridge towards lake huron aboard our sea ray 400 sedan bridge. part of the boat delivery trip from mac ray harbor on lake st. clair, michigan to our home port on lake simcoe, ontario.  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating lake huron st. clair river bluewater bridge sea ray 400 sedan bridge boat cruise sarnia lgeorgian bay tourist destination
fall leaves tree top view of nova scotia colour a tree top view of the fall colours along the sackville river in nova scotia canada. autumn leaf color (art subject) tourist destination fall nova scotia (canadian province) leaves change
waterway tips #7 - navigation markers change at kirkfield when traveling along the trent severn waterway, keep in mind that kirkfield is the apex of the system. from this highest point on the waterway, it's downstream both ways. that means that the navigation buoys and day marker colours switch, in keeping with the 'red right return' navigation rule.   the trent severn waterway is located in ontario, canada. it's 240 mile/386 km long series of lakes, rivers and canals connect lake ontario at trenton with georgian bay/lake huron at port severn and forms an integral part of america's great loop.  location of this video: 44.58983 -78.99106  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to check our site -  - for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  future dvd productions will include travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information.  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun navigation (organization sector) tourist destination
mooring at bottom of fenelon falls lock  facebook @   tied up with our boat at the bottom side of the fenelon falls lock, along ontario's beautiful trent severn waterway.  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun tsw playlist fenelon falls river water lock mooring moored berth tourist destination
first snow edit of '15/16 season - joffre lakes bc, canada   |   canada trouts facebook.com/canadatrouts  music by m - kamikaze sony music entertainment british columbia (canadian province) canadatrouts trout snow canada bc snow (literature subject) canada (country) joffre lakes provincial park (tourist attraction) tourist destination rookies
go tour ny & 1000 islands | visit1000islands.com the 1000 islands ( offers some of the most scenic roads throughout new york state for touring on your motorcycle. ride along the shores of the st. lawrence river and lake ontario and visit our lighthouses and quaint waterfront villages.  the 1000 islands - where ontario and the united states meet... their cultures blending in the waters of the mighty st. lawrence and great lake ontario. today, many people remark that this gorgeous garden of woods and waters is truly one of the most beautiful places on the planet. others will tell you its friendly atmosphere, fresh outdoors and laid-back pace makes the 1000 islands a place that inspires the spirit and renews the soul. 1000 islands lake ontario family vacations ny family vacations thousand islands (island group) tourist destination new york (us state) motorcycling (sport)
to lakefield lock gopro slow boat cruise over to the lock wall at lakefield, ontario - part of the beautiful trent severn waterway. filmed with my gopro camera, august/13.  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' inspiration summer gopro (brand) lakefield (city/town/village) holidays boating tsw cruising cruise liveaboard trent severn waterway sea ray (brand) tsw playlist boat gopro hero2 (digital camera) sea ray (business operation) tourist destination
new brunswick's beauty: the bay of fundy // la beaut du nouveau-brunswick : la baie de fundy see the world's highest tides // au royaume des mares gantes  few places on earth are as awe-inspiring as new brunswicks bay of fundy. a visit to this special place will reward you with magnificent tides, breathtaking coastline and endless adventure. // peu dendroits au monde offrent un spectacle naturel aussi impressionnant que la baie de fundy, au nouveau-brunswick. ses mares prodigieuses et ses panoramas exceptionnels en font une destination recherche.   watch more of new brunswick's beauty // dautres exemples de la beaut du nouveau-brunswick :  #2 your best beach vacation begins here // plages de sable, vacances de rve :    #3 discover your acadian joie de vivre // une acadie vivante et passionne :   #4 discover new brunswick's river experiences // des vacances au fil de l'eau :   #5 say hello to the great outdoors in our parks // des parcs grandeur nature :   #6 taste true new brunswick cuisine // sorties gourmandes du nouveau-brunswick :  bay of fundy (body of water) world's highest tides new brunswick (canadian province) the hopewell rocks la baie de fundy et les mares nouveau-brunswick canada les rochers hopewell rocks bay of fundy whale watching tourist destination
water flowing at five finger rapids - french river watching the strong current during a weekend hike to five finger rapids on the french river:  rapids french river tourist destination
potter 15 - broughton bc 2015 - part 3 broughton archipelago/johnstone strait part 3, the final chapter.  sullivan bay marina to alert bay, and back to telegraph cove.  covers the final 5 days of an 11 day trip.  the boat is a west wight potter 15 with a 2.5 hp outboard. north vacouver island wwp15 potter 15 west wight potter pocket cruiser broughton archipelago (island group) british columbia (canadian province) johnstone strait (body of water) tourist destination broughton island
georgian bay boating wave ride passing beckwith island on georgian bay after leaving tobermory on our way to midland for the night. the bay was a little rough this day and we had been taking a beam sea for the past 1-2 hours, making the first mate a bit uncomfortable.  part of our sea ray 400 sedan bridge boat delivery trip from mac ray harbor on lake st. clair, michigan to our home port on lake simcoe, ontario.  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -   be sure to visit us at  for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' georgian bay sea ray 400 sedan boating beckwith giant's tomb boat ride lake simcoe tsw michigan marina bayport midland crates marina lagoon city tourist destination
dr. paul jordaan of high level on coming to rural alberta dr. paul jordaan of high level discusses why he decided to leave south africa to practise medicine in rural alberta.  rpap | health workforce for alberta is an independent, not-for-profit company funded by the alberta ministry of health. rpap works with provincial government departments, local and provincial agencies, and partner groups to support recruitment of physicians for rural alberta communities.  for more information, please visit   video by lucas warren / rpap alberta (canadian province) medicine (field of study) rural physicians relocating high level (city/town/village) tourist destination
gannon narrows bridge - kawarthas - peterborough dividing pigeon lake and buckhorn lake, beautiful location.  also in this video, gannon's narrows conservation area,, gannon narrow and a bit of the gannon village. dji phantom 3 buydji.ca pigeon lake buckhorn lake kawarthas gannon peterborough ontario canada (country) kawartha lakes (body of water) tourist destination gannon narrows bridge
podollan rez-idence, grande prairie, alberta the podollan rez-idence is designed specifically for the extended stay traveler. contemporary condo living, with daily housekeeping service at a cost effective price point for individual travellers or companies and crews. the ideal choice for oil & gas companies working in the grande prairie, peace river area. grande prairie (city/town/village) alberta (canadian province) prairie (geographical feature category) tourist destination
lake trip: bear to lang on a beautiful morning in july of 2014, i recorded a boat trip from bear lake to the lang lake boat ramp, which is located in the wilderness of ontario, canada.  this location is south of espanola and borders on the northern edge of killarney provincial park. ontario (canadian province) wilderness (film) lake (geographical feature category) tourist destination canada (country)
orca pod - desolation sound - british columbia orca pod - teakerne arm - desolation sound - british columbia desolation sound british columbia (canadian province) killer whale (organism classification) tourist destination vancouver canada teakerne arm refuge cove campbell river teakerne arm provincial park orca pod orcas whale (animal)
active pass, british columbia some scenic clips of active pass in british columbia, mostly from the viewpoint of galiano island showing some seals, orcas, and a ferry and other boats in the passage.  active pass is a narrow passage which separates galiano island and mayne island in british columbia, canada in the southern gulf islands and stretches 5.5 km from northeast to southwest.         active pass (geographical feature) british columbia (canadian province) mayne island (island) galiano island (geographical feature) gulf islands (island group) orcas (geographical feature) killer whale (organism classification) seal tourist destination canada bc ferries (business operation)
mainstay inn, palliser park, saskatchewan mainstay inn, palliser park, saskatchewan mainstay inn palliser park saskatchewan lake diefenbaker (lake) canada (country) drone dji vision 2+ phantom marina golf hotel ferry lake waterskiing (sport) motel restaurant (industry) cottage palliser regional park tourist destination camping fun summer
morning helicoper tour of torngat mountains national park, canada.  part 1 geoff goodyear pilot, president and chief executive officer, universal helicopters newfoundland and labrador torngat mountains national park (protected site) canada tourist destination
cliff jumping at mazinaw lake ontario the mazinaw lake has many awesome cliff faces surrounding the lake that provide excellent places to cliff jump from. the highest ledge in our video is about 40 ft. and there are several lower ledges shown as well. mazinaw lake cliff jumping bon echo provincial park (protected site) gopro gopro cliff jumping mazinaw lake (lake) mazinaw rock cliff jumping deadmau5 ghosts 'n' stuff (composition) levere bros co. gopro hero 4 the throne mazinaw lake camera tourist destination cliff (geographical feature category) lake (geographical feature category) rope swing mazinaw lake rope swing masive cliff jump
"wild wild waves" a kayakers' surfin' delight adventure addix has been at it again! manitoba canada has one of the best places in all of north america for whitewater playboating! big waves! big holes for big surfin'! the place is called sturgeon falls! it's an incredible playground for whitewater fun! this is a story about that experience. the canadian paddlers say "when the waters' up you gotta come here, because it's world-class!" they're right! watch and see what we mean! dan monskey wild monkeys productions whitewater kayaking kayaking kayak sturgeon falls winnipeg manitoba canada nutimik campground area seven sisters manitoba manitoba whitewater club wave surfing surfing (sport) canada (country) winnipeg river (river) water tourist destination
on the job  on the job
sitka a beautiful day in sunshiney sitka, ak.  came in on the ms amsterdam (hal).  strolled through the town and shopped, visited a rain forest and raptor center, but mostly just enjoyed the stunning views of sitka. alaska alaskan cruise holland america sitka
last mountain, saskatchewan - part 1 the un-named settlement on the northern flank of last mountain. last mountain saskatchewan canada
the western brook pond fjord / gros morne national park newfoundland the western brook pond is a canadian fjord or lake located in gros morne national park on the west coast of the island of newfoundland. it is in the long range mountains, the most northern section of the appalachian mountains.    rock wallsit is surrounded by steep rock walls 600 m (2,000 ft) high. having been carved from the surrounding plateau by glaciers. after the glaciers melted, the land rebounded and the fjord was cut off from the sea. salty water was eventually flushed from the fjord leaving it fresh. the catchment area is composed of igneous rock with relatively thin soil, so the waters feeding western brook pond are low in nutrients and the lake is classified as ultraoligotrophic. it is fed by stag brook at the extreme eastern end of the lake and by numerous waterfalls cascading from the plateau above. one of these, pissing mare falls at 350 m (1,150 ft), is one of the highest in eastern north america.    the lake is accessible by a moderate-easy 3 km (1.9 mi) hiking trail over coastal bogs and low limestone ridges. two tour boats, one with a capacity of 70 passengers and the other 90 passengers, cruise the lake from june to mid-october. the lake waters are pristine, having had very little impact from human activities. the tour boat operators had to undergo special certification to ensure that their operations would have minimal impact on the environment.    in the early part of the 20th century, a part of the surrounding cliff broke off and fell into the lake, causing a 30 m (98 ft) tsunami. the western brook pond fjord gros morne national park skidooing snowmobile jumping riding rocky brook cabins easteren siding systems collins photography snow sports mountain canyon fjord
horn ridge ride 2013 near grande prairie alberta, in the kakwa falls area, this is me riding up to horn ridge on a cr500, any who have been up there know the dificulty, its a very rocky and very rough trail. i love it!! cr500 dirtbike quad mountian gopro motocross all-terrain vehicle (contact product) bike yamaha mountain biking riding ride trail trial cross dirt honda race extreme four jump
buffalo mountain lodge - banff this video features buffalo mountain lodge in banff, alberta, canada - one of the canadian rocky mountain resorts hotels in the canadian rockies.  narrated by executive chef alistair barnes. buffalo mountain lodge banff rockies canada alistair barnes hotel
downhill biking gopro hd like me on facebook:     lost in space by french kid    it was my day off and i went biking in the river valley in edmonton canada. it was tons of fun because last year a broke a few bones and had to take some time off. but i haven't taken the best care of my bike and the peddle fell out.     extra tags: gopro downhill biking down hill bike specialized p2 dirt jumper canada edmonton alberta people place tour tours travel events tree outdoors nature bird chickadee dog speed go pro hero rivers water trail riding ride go pro go pro hd go pro hero gopro hd gopro hero downhill biking downhill bike down hill biking canada alberta edmonton river valley edmonton down hill biking dirt jump trail go pro camera hero tour tourism travel events people place adventure bicycle cycling mountain ride outdoor sports trial
gopro hd: snowboarding at silver star mountain, british columbia a short video i made at silver star, vernon, bc on jan 6, 2012.  filmed with gopro hd hero original "1080p 30fps".  don't be shy - rate, comment, subscribe, and post video responses :-)  music - q.w.e.r.t.y by quantum apparatus. video - freqout productions.  don't forget to watch in hd :-)  special thanks to quantum apparatus. youtube --  soundcloud --   follow me on twitter --   check out my website --   also, check out my facebook page --  vernon bc kelowna bc freqout canada kelowna cinema snowboard vernon camera winter sports snow bc snow sports friends skiing freqout productions gopro hero hd british columbia mountain outdoor sports hero snowboarding hd silver star gopro grfauvelle gopro hero big white winter gopro hd silver star mountain
my little island home soong i wrote about the place in which i grew up... here are the lyrics as requested  my little island home   how i long to see my island,  the place that i was born,  to gaze upon her rocky shores,  and the places i once roamed.   to see the sun arisin',  over snatches cover to start the day  and then see her nestle down,  in slumber out o're the bay.   from the northeast river's rapids  to the southeast river's shores  to see mount pleasant shinin'  from the comfort of my door.  to the seven island island lookout to the "lane" in july i long to see my home i don't know how i will get by  i'm comin home again i long for home again my island calls my name for her son to come back home  and if youve ever been there you'll love here just like me i dont know why i left there it was just the powers that be  and its only for a short while that i'll call alberta home because my heart longs to be on my little island home newfoundland placentia newfie music newfoundland music song writer guitar little island home island bit lullaby total angeles action longer music sweet orange sister dreams drama country original song singer acoustic folk guitar original song unsigned artist songwriter musician idea composition singing vocalist vocals songs
b.c. ferries discovery coast passage part 4 discovery coast passage.the final part of the show is on bella coola and it's history. b.c. ferries vancouver island british columbia discovery coast bella coola native arts adventure culture cruise destination
journey to baffin 2011- visit my flickr at:  in summer of 2011, i visited baffin island in nunavut, canada. i was very touched by the inuit and some of their stories. upon my return home, i researched the history of the people and their homeland. i learned a great deal about it all. this is a tribute to the inuit. i can't wait to go back there, hopefully, in winter. thank you for greeting me and teaching me how to smile. watch another presentation from another participant at:  nunavut baffin island iqaluit pangnirtung canada
taylor hills quad day trip playing in the hills of taylor bc  with homers new warrior taylor whoamitoday atv bc canada northern
thunderhouse  falls on the missinaibi quick pan of thunderhouse fall on the missinaibi river in northern ontario missinaibi river thunderhouse falls northern ontario
gerhard's world....!!! gerhard's travels and adventures in northern ontario.... gerhard gehrmann minaki ontario canada black river camp winnipeg kenora redditt northern northwestern
island lake lodge catskiing - gopro edit this is a gopro edit from my trip to island lake lodge catskiing. it was on the first week of march 2012, we had lots of new snow and it was always sunny.  this edit gives a good preview of what the amazing island lake lodge terrain has to offer.  this is my first edit, hope you liked it.   place: island lake lodge, fernie, bc, canada  skis: drifter surface limited edition blake nyman  music: set my baby free - ian brown  filmed and edited by mathieu ct  like, comment and share. island lake lodge catskiing catski fernie bc ski skiing pow powder deep canada winter gopro edit backcountry british columbia powder (film) snow lines surface skis march 2012 mountain snow sports outdoor sports winter sport (media genre)
lac lajoie mont tremblant ride de kayak sur le lac lajoie au mont tremblant, secteur pimbina. kayak mont tremblant tremblant parc mont lac lajoie pimbina lac lake nature mountain montagnes
spring break up 2007 the ice moved with the wind at last mountain lake. ice break up spring last mountain lake sk
ride a cowboy this was my weekend riding at green lake by 70 mile house b.c. gopro hero suzuki drz400 motorbike mikecyclone motorcycle ride mike mattinson green lake 70 mile house dirt trails riding motocross mountain motor sports outdoor sports extreme action
hiking in elk island national park some hiking clips from spring break in edmonton, alberta, canada 2014. great time. tracks 1.  xperiment / precipitation:the soundcloud experiment 2. josh garrels / jacaranda- lake yarina    *i do not own the rights to these song!no copyright infringement intended. alberta (canadian province) canada (country) edmonton (city/town/village) elk island national park (protected site) the province (newspaper) hiking (sport) adventure (award discipline) nature (literary genre) greatoutdoors national park (iucn category) interenational newpath snow climbing mountain
kayaking adventures 2012 various clips from some of my kayak journey's in the duck and porcupine mountains of manitoba from april to august 2012. more to come guaranteed!!!!!! mountain porcupine manitoba kayak duck
boating on lake minnewanka sept. 12th, 2009, we rented a little boat on lake minnewanka, banff national park, alberta, canada.  fun times ensued, until we ran out of gas and had to be towed back.      camera used was the pentax optio w60 point and shoot. lake minnewanka banff national park alberta canada boating underwater mountain aylmer ingasmaldie
sunridge ski club, edmonton 2011 (go pro hd) like me on facebook:     its the first day at sunridge in edmonton and it was cold. the only thing they had open was the bunny so the video's pretty short. they had a mini park but i couldn't get the speed i wanted for it and all my gopro mounts froze and broke.... bla    extra tags: snowboarding "go pro" "go pro snowboarding" "snowboarding go pro hd" "snowboarding 2011" snow power winter cold go pro hd ski skiing sports mountain jump powder jumping freestyle board extreme boarding rail park canada travel edmonton alberta people places snowboarding go pro go pro snowboarding snowboarding go pro hd snowboarding 2011 snow power winter cold go pro hd ski skiing sports mountain jump powder jumping freestyle board extreme boarding rail park canada travel edmonton alberta people places lifeofzak life of zak zac peetsma sunridge edmonton
shredding at big white - snowskool 2013 vol. 1 a good day on the slopes with some of the snowskool crew! in big white, bc, canada! canada great day snowboard ski snowboarding skiing winter snow jump powder powdersnow powder (film) sports freestyle tripod snowboard tripod mountain slope offpist tree run treerun board jumping extreme boarding riding snow sports
sea kayak vancouver island part-10- cape cook lagoon 500km 28 days days 14 & 15 of darrin rockliffe's 500 km 28 days kayak journey from tofino to port hardy bc , aug 18 -sept 15 2010, freestyled music by emily ballard, rhonda rusk, and me! travel log kayak hobo cape cook lagoon mount doom mountain adventure log beach playa agua kayaker
golden-mantled ground squirrels - banff national park these golden-mantled ground squirrels are clearly used to company! by september, abundant ground squirrels will be asleep for the winter in a shallow den, likely under these boulders at consolation lakes. thanks to the local parks canada aquatics team - sierra, tina and shelley - for sharing this little adventure. remember: keep the wild in wildlife and never feed an animal... even the little guys!   filmed at consolation lakes, a short hike from moraine lake in banff national park.  cette vido est aussi disponible en franais   banff national park (protected site) ground squirrel (organism classification) squirrel (animal) national park (iucn category) mountain lake (geographical feature category) wildlife (film subject) moraine lake (lake) consolation lakes
overlord mountain climbing overlord mountain from russet lake in garibaldi provincial park (sept 27 & 28, 2008) overlord garibaldi mountain whistler russet
mountain waterfall in kananaskis country, alberta, canada a mountain waterfall rumbles in kananaskis country, alberta, canada, in the front ranges of the rocky mountains. mountain waterfall river stream rocky rockies alberta canada rocky mountains park
squamish, british columbia, canada squamish, british columbia, canada  mountain road, driving and sight seeing squamish british columbia canada mountain road driving sight seeing
red deer, alberta to saskatchewan river crossing, alberta (highway 11 westbound) - time lapse during easter weekend i made a couple of road trips around our province.  on the trip i tried to capture some of the scenic highways in the area.    this video is of a portion of highway 11 from red deer, in central alberta, to saskatchewan crossing on the icefields parkway.  the name saskatchewan crossing refers to the north saskatchewan river which highway 11 roughly follows west of rocky mountain house.    this route passes through the town of rocky mountain house which is named for an early trading fort of the hudson's bay company.  it was established by an early explorer named david thompson who did extensive mapping of the area west of rocky mountain house and large portions of the mountains as far south as washington state.  the lewis and clark expedition used some of thompson's maps on their explorations.    the music used is angels by blue rodeo.  this was filmed on april 5, 2010 at 20x real time. red deer saskatchewan river crossing alberta canada highway 11 banff national park rocky mountain house sylvan lake eckville leslieville nordegg kootenay plains time lapse timelapse drive david thompson
joffre lakes hike near pemberton  - hiking to joffre lakes near mount currie, pemberton, british columbia matier glacier lillooet tszil hike british columbia vancouver joffre lakes hiking pemberton mount currie bc mountain canada park
travel tip: visit joffre lake near whistler, bc if you're looking for a beautiful hike in bc with a lake at the end, do the hike to joffre lake. this gem is located just north of pemberton (near whistler) and only about an hour hike. travel tipsters travel flight centre joffre lakes provincial park (tourist attraction) pemberton (city/town/village) british columbia (canadian province) bc hiking hikes pnw pacific northwest (region) adventure mountain nature lake (album) destination
onanole farmer's market. manitoba. canada the onanole farmer's market is a summer market that has become really important as a weekend place to get good quality local foods, craft, antiques, produce, and to meet local folks. many of earth rhythms' partners are found at the onanole farmer's market, and we love to tell others about the good honey from raven creek farm. this video interview is with wes huyghe (little path farm) who grows good local food. onanole is located just outside riding mountain national park in manitoba, canada. farmers market onanole manitoba earth rhythms little path farm raven creek riding mountain national park canada
kayaking in kyuquot.mov this is a short film i produced for west coast expeditions, highlighting the glories of kayaking in kyuquot sound on the west coast of vancouver island, bc, canada. kayaking west coast sport ocean water beach exploring discovery kayak paddling kayaking
atv sunshine bay run arrow lake b.c kootenays this is a atv run from deer park to sunshine bay campsite on the lower arrow lakes.  deer park is about 30 km west from castlegar bc canada. we drove up broadwater rd. from there you can do a loop and come back down on broadwater rd. quad atv bike atv mountian mountian b.c canada kootenays lake camping quad (unit) mountain atv mountain
gopro hd - whitewater freeride snowboard snowboarding the past two weeks with heavy snow fall.  late february early march. whitewater ski resort, nelson british columbia.  song by arcade fire - rebellion.  i don't own the song. deep powder snowboard supernatural cold snow freeride casi canada nelson rush ski gopro go pro winter shit say mountain kootenay whitewater pillow tree hero
hiking trails of cape breton - money point if you wish to walk to the "end of the earth", then head for money point. starting from the community of bay st. lawrence, this route follows the remains of the road to the navigation beacon at money point, very nearly the extreme northern tip of cape breton island.    this route will be detailed in "hiking trails of nova scotia, 9th edition". mountain nova scotia trail park cape breton hiking
heli-skiing at northern escape heli-ski, terrace, bc feb 2012 this was a great day of 32k vertical feet at northern escape heli-ski.  the snow was spectacular.  there are good days, great days, fantastic days, this was a brochure day!     footage all shot on a gopro hd mounted on elastic gopro helmet mount. ski winter skiing snow mountain powder sports heliski heli-ski heliskiing heli-skiing gopro northern escape neh escape (video game) video game (industry)
winter activities in alberta experience the joy of winter, from skiing and snowboarding, heli-hiking and ice walking, to snowshoeing and northern lights, there's something in alberta for all to celebrate.   for more information about things to do in alberta visit:   song/artist: "here we go"/wil mimnaugh travel alberta winter travel canada snowboarding dog-sledding alberta ice skating heli-hiking ice walking hiking vacation powder ski skiing nothern lights aurora borealis tourism mountain banff jasper lake louise grotto canyon spray lake travel alberta commercial 2011
spyder active ski wear for boys & girls: warm, dry and cozy winter clothing spyder is hip, technically-designed ski wear for kids (and spyder kyds) that protects against snow, wind, and cold temperatures, so your little skier can rip those hills all day.  cold and damp can turn our little snow angel into a sourpuss. spyder active ski wear fleece upper and waterproof bottoms full-body will keep your child toasty warm, dry, and cozy and their extend winter fun for hours!  watch and learn more from mountain baby's sydney as she explains why spyder winter clothes are a kids favourite.   see more:   mountain baby is located in beautiful downtown nelson, british columbia canada.  visit our online store or call us directly   connect with us on facebook:   toll-free 1.888.990.2292  local 250.352.1789  mailto:info@mountainbaby.com ski spyder (business operation) snowboarding winter skiing (sport) ski suit (product category) nelson bc canada (country) kootenays (location) snow suit ski wear kids boys girls clothing spyder active wear mountain big white ski resort (ski area) whitewater ski resort (ski area) mountain baby judy banfield snow pants play outside fleece sassy bitsy mini pant mini jacket baker street nelson (city/town/village) spyder kyds kyds
yamnuska west end climb climbing the west end of yamnuska, alberta climbing canada mountain alberta outdoors
snowmobile hillclimb on "the onion", smithers, 29 dec 07 this was my introduction to the snowmobile hillclimb. basically, the idea is to pilot your craft up the steepest part of the hill possible (to the left) without sliding or tumbling back down the slope to your death.  my dear uncle took it upon himself to raise the bar for the young punks, going through the rocks where there's not much snow. hence the other rider opting out and looking over his shoulder in disbelief, while we all laughed our heads off!  but snowmobiles scare the crap outta me on the flat, there's no way you'd get me up there...    polaris rmk 900 v ski-doo    29 december, 2007  "the onion"  smithers  british columbia  canada canada bc british columbia smithers snowmobile skidoo snow hill mountain slope climb polaris rmk 900 ski-doo
skiing in the canadian rockies big powder runs for every ability, spectacular scenery, world-class restaurants and accommodation and tons of aprs-ski activities complete your ski holiday in alberta's canadian rockies.  for information about ski holidays in the canadian rockies visit:    song/artist: "here we go" by wil (wil mimnaugh)   travel alberta canada alberta ski powder rockies mountain winter tourism travel commercial 2011 vacation banff lake louise jasper remember to breath wil skiing backcountry
may 8 vernon mountain ride starting from the radio tower overlooking vernon and coldstream we head east along john park way past becker lake to the east becker lake campsite intersection. lots of snow in spots, you don't get to see the other video of being hopelessly stuck for 30 minutes, too much cussin! atv vernon bc becker lake mountain
packhorse trail, terrace, bc experimenting with my helmet cam.  mountain biking on packhorse (trail on copper mt.) mountain biking terrace copper packhorse
pc level 3 skills - kayak vancouver island paddle canada level 3  skills course in the broken group islands, ucluelet british columbia. kayak tours victoria bc british columbia kelp reef adventure canada outdoor sport paddle level course in the broken group barkley sound vancouver island rock gardening sea ocean cave
15 minutes of the 30 mile 2.2% descending grade between kelly lake and lillooet in bc canada watch as the terrain on the right side of the grade goes from level with the tracks to being over 2000 feet below the tracks in a 5 mile stretch of the former bc rail, the video ends in the fraser river canyon which winds its way through british columbia,s interior  . awesome piece of railway footage! train trains cheakamus river bc railcnr 'squamish sub bcr 2.2% grade railroad railway bcol bnsf cpr bcr amtrak via rail dash8-40cm view shot from inside the cab cpr cp rail pge union pacific up canyon del cobre mexico metalmau chepe 1a clase ferromex ge locomotive gm e&n general electric alco emd svy freight subway metro scale station line feature film (invention) crossing national mountain
baldwin mills mont pinacle & lac lyster, qc (coaticook, qc) partager cette video, c'est ma recompense!                 cette video ne peut tre utilise  des fins commerciales ou promotionnelles, merci!! baldwin mills drone phantom lac lake mountain montagne professionnel professional showreel paysage qualit quality 4k hd qubec coaticook canada sherbrooke dji ayer's cliff ayer's cliff granby
alpine meadows - hudson bay mountain exploring hudson bay mountain in late summer.    august 2011  hudson bay mountain  smithers  british columbia  canada hudson bay mountain exploring hudson bay mountain late summer august 2011 hudson bay smithers british columbia canada bc ski run lift cable bulkley valley wind alpine meadows snow river water park samsung w200 olympus sz30mr
nice mountain view, near keno city. indian chief? this is when my uncle, aunt and cousin came to visit us in the yukon. this video was taken near the end of july. snow here can be many years old. even tho it gets pretty hot in the afternoon. at 38 sec, on the rock wall, can you see the silouet of an indian chief with his feather hat and above him a guy looking at the view in ahhww. mountain view keno hill city hotel family i quading canam can am art bombardier optical illusion outlander indian chief
saskatchewan river crossing, alberta to penhold, alberta (highway 11 eastbound) - time lapse during easter weekend i made a couple of road trips around our province.  on the trip i tried to capture some of the scenic highways in the area.  this video is of highway 11 from where it begins at saskatchewan river crossing on the icefields parkway to near red deer, alberta.  i didn't go quite to red deer on the return trip, but left highway 11 by sylvan lake and took the back roads home to penhold.    this highway cuts through a wide variety of terrain. it begins in the mountains near the continental divide, followed by the heavily treed foothills, and after rocky mountain house, the prairies.      the music used is little bones and at the hundredth meridian by the tragically hip.      this was filmed on april 5, 2010 at 20x real time. saskatchewan river crossing penhold alberta red deer canada highway 11 banff national park rocky mountain house sylvan lake eckville leslieville nordegg kootenay plains time lapse timelapse drive david thompson
day 20 - kluane river, destruction bay, kluane lake, and st. elias mountains everyday for 7 weeks - day 20 of 50. instead of making three videos, i combined them into one. enjoy! blog:  everydayfor7weeks kluane lake kluane river destruction bay mountain
capelin rolling 2014 - newfoundland & labrador a unique newfoundland & labrador annual event as the capelin roll on to the beaches with the tide.   photos: nl classifieds fan submitted   newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) newfoundland labrador beach capelin fish canada ocean atlantic ocean
white tail deer at lake minnewanka, banff national park   mountain deer (animal) whitetail
elbow lake surprise mtb kananaskis mountain biking from elbow pass trailhead and *planned* on going up to tombstone.  and no, the camera didn't make it.  **update - after opening up the contour video camera right down to the circuit board and leaving it apart for a week.. it's aliiiiiive.  w00ttt11!1 kananaskis alberta canada mtb mountain biking calgary outdoor club bicycle bike cycling
gopro hd snowboarding (twixtor edit) like me on facebook:     another short snowboarding edit. i used ae with the twixtor plug-in for the slow mo. it was lots of fun. me and my friend ryan did all the boarding and filming. i can't wait until it really snows and we can make some real videos!    extra tags: gopro snowboarding snowboard snow film edit final cut pro camera twixtor edmonton alberta ski club skiclub rds dc forum burton hill jump rail tweak high-definition travel events places canada ride awesome sunridge zac peetsma life of zak go pro snowboarding hd gopro snowboarding gopro snowboarding hd snowboard 2011 snowboarding 2011 new snow new snowboarding snowboarding video gopro twixtor go pro twixtor hd go pro twixtor snowboard snow ski skiing winter jump mountain sports powder freestyle people places canada alberta edmonton zac peetsma lifeofzak life of zak board high-definition television camera jumping extreme
kayak tours cape john, nova scotia  sea kayak tours cape john river adventure travel ocean water boats nature destination
jesse falls - kitimat, british columbia jesse falls is a 10 metre high freshwater waterfall that drains in to the douglas channel, south of kitimat, british columbia, canada.    video filmed using the dji phantom 3 pro, panasonic gh4, and dji osmo.  we're on facebook, youtube, tumblr, and society 6!       we're a broadbandtv partner!   find a map of my videos at   all content in this video is property of above tumbler ridge photography. no unauthorized reproduction is permitted. jesse falls waterfall waterfalls douglas channel ocean kitimat kitimat bc british columbia beautiful british columbia kitimat british columbia
farewell to nova scotia i matched my vacation pictures to the words of the song "farewell to nova scotia" by danny quinn. thanks dan for permission to use the song! nova scotia goutbeck sea ocean danny quinn farewell to nova scotia vacation boat
pacific pilot boat victoria b.c. canada victoria, b.c. pilot boat going to work in 2005 pacific pilot boat victoria ocean ship pacific ocean (body of water) marine
kamloops highlands in april a nice area to hike and geocache at kamloops in my beautiful province of british columbia.  to get here park your vehicle at the top of the hill on mcgill road, near the university.  it is a cold day towards the end of april, still feeling a little like winter.  the bit of color that comes with the moisture of winter and spring will soon be lost in the summer heat.  looking to the west you can see the smoke stack from the pulp mill in the mission flats area of kamloops, and in the photos towards the end of this slide show you can see the ponds from the pulp mill, as well as see the beginning of kamloops lake.  music: "while my guitar gently weeps" by jake shimabukuro from the album "gently weeps" kamloops highlands april hiking outdoors travel british columbia canada geocache geocaching spring interior thompson river kamloops lake sagebrush hdr pulp mill ponds smoke stack mission flats mountain hill vista lake jake shimabukuro gently weeps while my guitar gently weeps guitar music
lynx capture ( recapture ) - nancy paw-losi to see more lynx videos go to lynxresearchers' channel.    this is one of our recaptures (january 15, 2008) on the canada lynx project. she is a 22.5 pound female that we have named nancy paw-losi. she has put on 2 lbs since we collared her in november, and it suits her beautifully. we are tracking her movements near rocky mountain house and nordegg alberta, canada.    if you are wondering why some of  the lynx videos are gone, it is because my parents borrowed my account to put up their videos. now they have their own account. lynx project capture recapture trap nancy paw-losi nordegg palosi rocky mountain house canada edgar allan poe allen paw
mt. aylmer lake minnewanka, banff summer 2008 myself and 2 of my roommates decided to attempt mt. aylmer (the tallest mountain in the immediate banff area, 10,375ft. asl) on sept. 22, 2008 even though there had been a fresh dusting of snow the day before.    after 5-1/2 gruelling hours of hiking we finally reached the summit and got our names into the summit registry so that we'd go down in banff history. lake minnewanka mt. mount aylmer summer 2008 banff alberta jesse cross landon reading brian moriarty boat tours terry gainer expedition project mountain climbing hiking scramble scrambling tallest rundle inglismaldie palliser range cascade rockies
friendly white-beaked and atlantic white-sided dolphins, newfoundland white-beaked and atlantic white-sided dolphins bow riding and wake following, off cape spear, newfoundland, november 10, 2013.  best viewed in hd mode 1080 pixels (default is 360 pixels).  turn up sound level to loud to hear dolphin vocalizations (there are also water, engine noise and camera pole flex noise artifacts).  remember, canadian guidelines (evolving) related to observing marine mammals (including dolphins) are outlined at these links:  for quebec:   "if dolphins or porpoises ride your bow wave, slow down gradually and avoid sudden heading changes."  for british columbia:   "should dolphins or porpoises choose to ride the bow wave of your vessel, avoid sudden course changes. hold course and speed or reduce speed gradually." behaviour newfoundland cape spear petty harbour-maddox cove (city/town/village) white-beaked dolphin atlantic white-sided dolphin (organism classification) acoustic communication dolphin (marine creature) gopro h2 gopro h3 trollpro st. john's (city/town/village) ocean camera atlantic ocean (geographical feature)
herring cove provincial park reserve, nova scotia. hiking along the coastal trail in herring cove, nova scotia.  minutes from downtown halifax.  for more information on this trail, visit:   country cue 1 by audionautix is licensed under a creative commons attribution license ( artist:  herring cove cove herring purcells halifax nova scotia halifax hiking coastal trail trails nova scotia hiking ocean park provincial park reserve
coastal explorers video - all hands off desk the ocean learning partnership's coastal explorers program is designed to spark curiosity about marine science in nl with hands on learning and digital media! ocean science education newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) coast fishery plankton (taxonomy subject) cod (organism classification) geocaching (hobby) marine science
blue whale bottlenose dolphin fighting to survive. close-up experience. audio: final cloud by kevin mcleod -    this is not your national geographic  photo essay of bottlenose dolphins and blue whales, but it definitely  shows our excitement. a family of florida gulf bottlenose dolphins playfully followed our boat wake on one trip. the st. lawrence in quebec gave us the blue whales. these ocean creatures are awesome and human friendly, although i sure, if they wanted to, could toss you around like a rubber ducky play toy. the blue whales literally surfaced within 15 feet from our rubber zodiak - thrilling and exciting.   blue whales can grow to 100 feet (30 meters) long and weight around 200 tons. an adult blue whale can consume as much  as 4 tons of krill per day. the shocking part is that there's less than 5,000 blue whales left on our planet -- an endangered species.  they are fighting to survive.   bottlenose dolphins are the other extreme of the whale family, and even though they are not considered endangered, only 1 million of them left. to put that in perspective there are 7 billion of us humans.  the bottlenose dolphin grows to roughly 12 feet long and weighs about 1,400 pounds.   enjoy and protect them. take care of our oceans. spread the word. we only have one chance. swimming blue whale dolphin water diving underwater shark whale fish endangered national geographic bottlenose dolphin quebec florida krill tourism canada fish protect ocean big fish squid aquarium tank pool blue planet
ukai kayak surfing ukai adventurer kayak surfing at skookumchuck rapids, bc canada ukai kayak sea kayak paddle water surf surfing ocean portable assmbly modular kayaking touring sea paddling surf kayaking beach waves river park
porters lake to three fathom harbour my first attempt at filming a kayaking trip. anne marie smith and i were on the water for about four hours, starting and finishing in porters lake, nova scotia. we followed a canal from the lake to open ocean in three fathom harbour.    jonathan layes kayak nova scotia canada porters lake three fathom harbour ocean
travel vlog: hornby island, bc snippets of our camping adventure to hornby island, bc, canada was a wonderful week of beach bumming, skim boarding, snorkeling, making campfires, cooking food on the campfire, playing music at the campfire, and shenanigans. great low budget vacation near vancouver bc, takes 3 ferry rides to get there but its totally worth it! hornby island british columbia canada travel explore hornby island camping vacation staycation wanderlust travel vlog vlog wander experience vanessa yuen graham chan naturalgc fitness fit couple island life vancouver vancouver island travelling adventure outdoors ocean fun trip bc summer wineries beach cheap budget vacation weekend getaway escape campfies bonfires nature blog vlogging helliwell helliwell park hiking cliffs tribune tribune bay
tugboat classics #6.dv tugboats, vancouver island, marine towing, b.c. vancouver island tugboat marine ocean towboat log booms towing
liard river hot springs, bc, canada july 2009 nature sulphur liard river hot springs provincial park (protected site) hot spring (geographical feature category) british columbia (canadian province) canada (country) mountain outdoor recreation (tv genre)
rescue boat drill on the mv island sky bc ferries) on the way back from vancouver the captain and crew of the mv island sky did a rescue boat drill. the 2 crew members rode the zodiac just about all the way from earls cove to saltery bay. sunshine coast the sunshine coast sunshine coast bc powell river bc powell river news powell river videos sony vegas lumix zs10 videos lumix gh2 lumix gh2 videos lumix gh2 test videos mv island sky bc ferries (organization) sunshine coast (location) ocean boat rescue boat rescue sony vegas pro (software) carnival cruises ferry to ferries ferries from rescue drill safety drill
bay of fundy, nova scotia an afternoon over the bay of fundy, nova scotia, canada.  featuring cape split, lighthouses, and the highest tides in the world. bay of fundy nova scotia cape split nova scotia aerials vacation nova scotia east coast atlantic canada lighthouses travel vacation aerial tide highest tides tides coast maritimes atlantic ocean ocean nsgov
whale watching / ucluelet, bc canada an estimated 22,000 grey whales make the 16,000 kilometre journey between their mating and calfing lagoons on the mexican baja peninsula and their summer feeding grounds in the bering and chukchi seas near the arctic.  along the west coast of vancouver island, whales travel close to the shoreline, providing excellent viewing opportunities. whale watching ucluelet bc canada vancouver island subtidal adventures ocean grey pacific tourism boat spring
orcas frolick with humpback near cappahayden ian jones captured these whale shenanigans from newfoundland waters.    subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador news cbcnl orcas whales whale killer whale cappahyden humpback ocean
hundreds of dolphins chasing the cruise ship disney wonder an amazing thing happened on the cruise ship disney wonder, a sunset stroll on the walking deck caused a chance encounter with a very large pod of dolphins.  there were dolphins everywhere!  the encounter lasted a little over a minute as the dolphins tired and could not maintain the 15 knot pace of the disney wonder cruising the inside passage of british columbia on the way back from an alaska cruise enroute to vancouver. the exact location was robson bight. dolphins disney wonder alaska cruise inside passage british columbia pod of dolphins vancouver the walt disney company (organization) disney cruise line (business operation) disney dolphin (marine creature) ocean canada disney robson bight (geographical feature) cruise ship hundreds of dolphins
by the sea kayaking by-the-sea-kayaking, located in the picturesque seaport village of victoria-by-the-sea on the south shore of the prince edward island, has been offering kayaking tours for almost a decade. the combination of the protected waters of the northumberland strait and a short half-hour drive from charlottetown, summerside and cavendish, makes victoria one of the best paddling areas for both the novice and the experienced paddler.    kayaking is a wonderful way to explore nature with family and friends and is suitable for all ages. no previous experience is required and, with our single and double (two-person) touring sea kayaks, we can accommodate the needs of individual groups. during the trip we are available to help with your paddling technique or introduce you to new techniques.    we love what we do and, with a personal commitment to conduct our tours in a fun and safe manner, we hope to enhance your experience with sea kayaking.    looking forward to paddling with you! pei tourism travel kayak adventure food ocean paddle sport outfitter prince edward isalnd
board recovery & self rescue a lengthy story to this vid... wind was ramping up as i pumped kites, i went through it all; 14/10 & 7m rises. the 14 had a weak valve that finally gave way and the 10 had too many pin holes in the le so next i rigged the 7m.     during play time chris tells me he lost his board and that it's most likely across the bay. so... @ 3:12 is when that adventure starts. i end up finding it after having a fabulous lengthy downwinder, try to bring it back but the wind totally dies, and for good. i end up self rescuing with the 7m in tow but at least we got his board back. damn good times and or saves lf's ass.     heading home the setting sun was poking through the trees, saw a nasty collision then entered the twin sails marking your arrival to cold lake. or saves lf kiteboarding northern alberta canada muriel lake bonnyville cold kent aessie ocean rodeo rise 14m 10m 7m mako wide nobile t555 o'brien access gopro go pro
within human powered boat capsize tests greg is going to pedal his human powered boat within 3000 miles across the atlantic ocean. greg enjoys one wild ride as his crew forces multiple capsizes during a test of the prototype version of within on a lake in calgary, alberta.   motivational speaker greg kolodziejzyk  human powered boat hpb recumbent kayak ocean adventuresofgreg capsize
kayaking with whales, dolphins & icebergs in newfoundland! one of the most exciting things we've ever done! see more:   we'd love to see you around the web! are you on facebook? we are too! join us here:  do you twitter? we tweet here:  whales humpback whales kayak zodiac newfoundland twillingate canada dolphin icebergs iceberg alley kayaking with whales ocean quest close encounters kayaking with dolphins kayaking with icebergs close encounters whale zodiac tour iceberg capital of the world whale (animal) kayaking (sport) ocean atlantic ocean north atlantic boat
georgian bay islands beausoleil national park ontario canada snapping turtle papoose cedar springs another great weekend at beausoleil. special thanks to jack for capturing some awesome footage! georgian bay beausoleil national park ontario canada hindsons tadpole snapping turtle papoose cedar springs penetanguishene marina lake huron ocean beach sand jack sea ray 360 aft cabin trojan f36 c36 water fresh camping 30000 islands island anchor moor skimboard db kayak boat yacht weekend camp
tug gulf regent. vancouver to hecate strait. video begins north bound off sechelt, heading for queen charlotte islands. some video of this trip was lost... but i thought i would put up what i had. views of seaforth channel, mouth of the skeena river, and hecate strait. tug tugboat barge barges coastal towing ocean logging islands canada marine
kayak tours newfoundland for more information please visit:   /  kayak kayaking sea newfoundland ocean water river tourism water sports boats tours travel adventure nature
kayaking the bay of fundy dave and deb of the planet d take you kayaking on the bay of fundy, nova scotia. home to the world's highest tides, these can truly only be experienced by kayaking and camping on the shores. we paddle through the three sisters and other magnificent arches, stacks and structures on the canadian east coast.  subscribe to theplanetd for travel videos every tuesday and thursday!  ----------- read more and see the photos:  visit nova scotia tourism for more travel information on nova scotia:  for kayaking trips on the bay of fundy nova scotia visit: nova shores adventures -   *** theplanetd social***  facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  youtube:  theplanetd blog:  ------------------ music courtesy of killer tracks song title: to feel warm inside cd number: atv_24 track number: 13 song title: together at last cd number: kt_325 track number: 2 song title: feeling plucky cd number: nm_301  track number: 22  kayaking bay of fundy transcript:  well, we're here with nova shores adventures on a two-day kayaking trip  it's been really great here on the bay of fundy because we've got to see the  landscape at both low tide and high time which is drastically different  we've landed here at seal cove and we've seen the weather change from beautiful  sunny days to foggy days to beautiful morning's like this.  it's a really great  way to take in the beauty of the bay of fundy  wow that was a really cool experience to kayak on the bay of fundy we went out to  the three sisters and the sun magically came out and lit them up for us then as we  were paddling back the fog came and its really ominous very cool to just see it  rolling in almost we think that ghost ship is just around the corner  you can go for a hike after kayak as well  cheers to a good day, cheers  we're camping on the bay of fundy  we see some seals, be very quiet, be very quiet  well there you have it the three sisters behind me here at low tide is a very  cool time to be here you can see the base of them.  this is an excellent view of the three sisters and a pillar!  i don't know why they don't call it the four sisters, it's the three sisters  the three sisters are a magnificent rock formation on the bay of fundy.  local mi'kmaq legend states that powerful god glooscap  turned his three sisters into stone when he  left the land and bade them to remain until his return  behind me is elephant rock. it really looks like an elephant  when it's high tide you  can actually kayak right through that so we will be back.  so there's the elephant that we walked to earlier   now you can paddle through it. incredible  just shows the power of these tides.  the bay of fundy has the world's highest tides  moving more than 100 billion tons of water every six hours and 13 minutes  that's more flow than all the world's freshwater rivers combined.  the tides range 35 to 55 feet  every day theplanetd the planet d dave and deb dave bouskill travel adventure adventure travel tourism gopro sony vacation bay of fundy kayaking kayak bay nova scotia water sea kayak new brunswick kayaking (sport) fundy sea kayaking paddle hopewell rocks canada travel vlog vlog vlogger travel vlogger vlogs drone ocean photography whales tidal race rocks sea beaches dji drone 4k phantom 3 dji novashores
experience sea kayaking bc with west coast expeditions see more at:     fall back in love with life through sea kayaking canada's west coast with west coast expeditions.  connect with yourself, friends, family, and the world around you.  experience a diverse and distinct vacation that balances serenity with activity, learning, and challenge.  refresh and renew yourself through a fully catered and comfortable wilderness adventure. if you can't join us, at least join us in mind and spirit while enjoying this video! west coast region sea kayaking trips kayak tours base camp kayaking family kayaking spring island kyuquot vancouver island british columbia canada david pinel west coast expeditions westcoastexpeditions.com mike byrne clock tower images wildlife marine ecology sea otters whales ocean exploration water
marie lake 21 oct 12 drysuit was comfy @ marie lake. 0c, w 25+ gusting 40.  ocean rodeo rise 10m ocean rodeo mako 150 wide ocean rodeo pyro pro drysuit marie lake or kiteboarding northern alberta canada cold kent aessie ocean rodeo rise 10m mako 150 wide gopro hero
bay of fundy travel show #11 halls harbour, nova scotia follow terri's continued fundy adventures with humphrey as they visit halls harbour, nova scotia for some lobster, unique crafts, dulse and high tide fun.    don't forget to leave us a comment and click subscribe too!    there are lots of other terri's fundy adventures to watch so watch and enjoy the others too. halls harbour fundy bay of fundy lobster nova scotia nova crafts seaweed tide ocean dulse whale canada travel tourism fun adventure tourism
hike to north cove. kitimat, bc 4/10/2016 a quick hike to north cove located in kitimat, bc located just south of the rio tinto smelter; just off the bish creek service road (about a 15 minute drive).  it is a nice 20 minute hike down hill to an beautiful open cove off the douglas channel.  music by: dexter britain - wonderland kitimat north cove alcan beach ocean hike bish creek
bay of fundy ocean high to low tide. nova scotia, canada truly a unique piece of nature, each day 160 billion tonnes of seawater flows in and out of the bay of fundy.  time lapse of the bay of fundy, going from high tide to nearly low tide over the course of five hours. this is a time lapse video put together from over 550 photos into a short video.  blomidon, nova scotia.  march 31, 2016. 6-11 am   licensing@rumble.com ocean nova scotia sea nature tide tides interesting canada clouds dirt time lapse
klepper aerius 1 | kayak capsize wet exit in the surf while paddling a vintage klepper aerius 1.  saratoga bay marina channel (at the oyster river) march 27, 2012.  located on vancouver island, near the comox valley, bc canada. klepper ae1 aerius one vintage foldable folding kayak sea kayaking ocean coastal kayaking bc british columbia georgia strait comox valley vancouver island canada
voyce cove beach, st. alban's, newfoundland a relaxing evening with a weiner roast on voyce cove beach, st. alban's, nl voyce cove beach st alban's hiking tourism nature ocean sand st. alban's newfoundland and labrador travel
killer whales (orcas) swim up behind, beside and under our boat. near prince rupert, bc pod of killer whales swims up behind and beside our boat in hecate strait near prince rupert, bc. orca killer whale pod whales wildlife prince rupert hecate strait chatham sound north pacific canada cetasea british columbia pelagic creature ocean sea orcas stephen's island cows and calves port edward thrilling pod of whales
king pacific lodge bc, canada join travel writer nancy d. brown   in british columbia, canada's great bear rainforest. brown kayaks cameron cove, whale watches in drummond bay, photographs the kermode spirit bear and views worlds largest sea stars while based at king pacific lodge, a floating luxury barge. drummond bay princess royal island king pacific lodge rosewood resort nancy d. brown  british columbia canada whale watching kayak canoe fish hike great bear rainforest spirit bear white bear kermode bear sea lion eagle blue heron archipelago float plane humpback whale pacific coastal lodge ocean tourism
newfoundland scenery - beautiful bonavista several years ago i spent a beautiful july 1st. weekend tenting, hiking and boating in the bonavista area.. including elliston, king's cove, maberley, knight's cove, cape bonavista, amherst cove, newman's cove, spillars cove, catalina, port union, port rexton.  took lots of great photographs and decided to do this video to commemorate that wonderful trip.   i chose kim stockwood's hauntingly beautiful song, "how many miles to home", as the background music.  she now lives in ontario, but is from bonavista. newfoundland scenery music bonavista elliston kings cove kim stockwood how many miles from home canada atlantic island ocean photographs tourism beauty cliffs boats puffins seagulls rocky home hiking
aosl introduction: ioss an introduction to memorial university of newfoundland's autonomous ocean systems lab's (aosl) ice ocean sentinel system (ioss) project, a multi-year effort to develop autonomous technology capable of surveying, modelling, tracking and monitoring icebergs in the north atlantic. iceberg icebergs aosl seadragon ioss research ocean oceanography academia twillingate newfoundland canada
storm sea kayaking - rolling and waves a winter excursion from tofino, bc.   a decent 970mb low was passing the coast, so a friend and i took a quick paddle.  did a few quick rolls for practice at the end.  liam mcneil is a proffessional sea kayak guide, based out of tofino, british columbia. see more on: liammcneil.com sea kayak surf waves swell tofino clayquot kayak kayaking storm hurricane winds sound mcneil greenland paddle eskimo roll british columbia liam surfing sea ocean current liammcneil.com designs gulfstream scirroco skulling skull cold weather rain boats boat mermaid design currents qajak water
my relaxing walk to orchord park port moody bc, june 16, 2009 orchard park in port moody bc on june 16, 2009. i took this video with my digital video camera during my nice relaxing walk on one of my favorite trails near my home but a bit of a walk to get there but it is worth it because all of the beauty that nature has to offer. you will see more of my videos from tonight's walk. i will be happy when my other half joins me here in canada to experience the joys and beauty that canada has to offer and he knows who he is! (wink wink) lol. there are so many trails to go on to enjoy. there are even bike trails and you can get closer to the water and it is just amazing here! ocean lake beach summer park nature
douglas channel this is a small trip i took my family on. we hauled out our 16 ft vangaurd banshee ski boat to kittimat bc, douglas channel, pacific ocean. we cruised down the channel about 70 km to weewani creek and hotsprings. there where a bunch of seals at the creek. boat trip ocean vangaurd banshee
salish sea herring spawn  pt 1 ~~ hornby island bc ~~  march 2011 gulls, eagles, ravens & sea lions converge on the beaches of hornby island to feast on the herring and the roe (eggs) as the late winter spawning season peaks in the surrounding salish sea and strait of georgia. music track 'the fool' courtesy quicksilver messenger service. part 2 now posted on this channel {mar 23 2011} hornby island ocean surf winter fish annual fishery gillnet seine herring roe eggs milt sperm foam storm gale beach drama wildlife tidal salt water seaweed boat ramp volcanic eagle gull flock raven sealion cruise aquarium bay wilderness denman island texada vancouver victoria bc beaufort grassy point phipps salish gulf marine spawn environment raw nature driftwood birds boats pacific canada beachcomber quicksilver san francisco '60s travel log
land & sea - a visit to francois - full episode the community of francois - pronounced (fran-sway) on nl's south coast is legendary for its geography and people and their reliance on handmade wooden boats.   subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:    for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador cbc nl news culture atlantic community local archives fishery francois land&sea coastal communities ocean rural outport resettlement wooden boats dories fjords
expedition labrador part 1 from july 2008, an exhaustive and adventure packed tour of newfoundland and labrador with visitors from england, germany, france, and canada. sponsored by 4th element     scuba diving shipwrecks world war wwii whales icebergs newfoundland labrador ocean quest 4th element
warm waters of july a quick edit of kiteboarding in northern alberta, canada.     using my ocean rodeo rise 10m & 14m and the infamous mako wide. 12-18kts nw. taken july 24th & 26th, 2010 at muriel lake, just south of bonnyville which is about 20mins south of cold lake, alberta. kiteboarding northern alberta canada muriel lake bonnyville cold kent aessie ocean rodeo rise 14m 10m or mako wide gopro go pro
ggc - 19 - labrador coastal drive: 600km of gravel to the atlantic ocean part 16 of our road trip across northern quebec and eastern canada. over 600 kilometers of rough, remote, and gorgeous gravel road through the wilderness of labrador, from happy valley-goose bay, all the way to the atlantic ocean!  we even saw our very first iceberg ever! plus, some nature photographs at the end. ocean road trip northern canada (location) labrador (location) newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) gravel road scenery wilderness remote locations sunset van life full time rv van dwelling living in a van honeymoon couple relationship love dust adventure exploration (literature subject) cross country iceberg atlantic ocean (body of water) labrador coastal drive trans-labrador highway happy valley-goose bay (city/town/village) canada (country)
surfs sup lawrencetown, nova scotia, canada surfing beach ocean waves sand
sea kayak rolling, surfing, rapids, and storm paddling a compilation video of days spent sufing, rolling, and playing in the currents here in tofino, clayoquot sound, british columbia ( bc ).  see a rarely recorded sea foam cyclone.  huge swell crashing on the outer coast rocks.   placid calm waters.  lots of rolling, using a waterproof camera, get underwater shots.  liam mcneil is a proffessional sea kayak guide, based out of tofino, british columbia. see more on: liammcneil.com paddle eskimo roll british columbia liam surfing sea ocean current designs gulfstream scirroco skulling skull cold weather rain boats boat mermaid design currents qajak brooks pacific tsimka martin music underwater paddling push ups butterfly static brace rapids whirlpool trees beach tofino storm hurricane extreme compilation funny kayaking (sport)
"spirit of 98" spirit of 98 passing by  one of the more  classic type cruise ships on the alaska run. fantastic coast to see... british columbia and alaska tug tugboat barge barges coastal towing ocean logging islands marine marine (ocean) log barge boat boating islands ships
tug gulf regent. squamish river offload. the clip opens at a rather dismal looking place in howe sound. we were there to pick up one piece off equipment for squamish. we offload at squamish, the squamish chief can be seen in the background. clip ends leaving the river. the bulkhead were we offloaded was not suited to the cutaway ramp on the barge, but with a little more tide all went well. most times we never new what the offload site was like till we got to there. tugs tugboat towing marine towing boat boats ocean logging beachcombing barges barge
bc ferries daring rescue of man overboard original footage.  people on the powell river to comox ferry said they saw the man jump from the upper deck.  the crew was quickly in the water to attempt a rescue but the motor of the zodial died.  they then had to put a second zodiak into the water to get to the man.  luckily there was an ambulance crew on the ferry that tended to the man when he was brought back to the ferry.    some said that he was a homeless man that jumped but the man himself said he fell (likely to avoid charges).  police are investigating. bc ferries ocean rescue zodiak ferry homeless jumper powell river comox suicide attempt courtenay powell river bc ferries juan de fuca straight
sailing with dolphins in winter. sailing a 30 ton ketch, with dolphins, in mid winter and single handed in british columbia. taken with hand held mini dv camera (not hd).   it gets better as you go along. single-handed sailing big boat sunshine boats ocean cruiser sailing. yacht dolphins dolphin (marine creature) ocean sailing (sport) islands
surfing at bow river, calgary, ab canada surfing in calgary?  the nearest ocean surf is at least 1000 kilometres to the west, but that hasn't stopped surfers both beginners and experts from enjoying some river surfing on the bow river - the standing wave near the 10th street bridge is a result of all the changes wrought by last years massive flooding and it is creating a lot of fun time on the river.   how can people get involved?  you can take lessons at rocky mountain surfing    other information can be found at:   video made by  river surf canada alberta bow river 10th street surfing rocky mountain surfing river surfing surf board water cold hot downtow hawai wave sea ocean
sea kayak - peggys cove, ns setting out from the harbour at peggys cove on a stormy day in the fall of 2008. sea kayak peggys cove nova scotia storm hurricane wave rescue roll ocean
gone in 45 seconds..bye bye phantom quadcopter over the ocean...or is it? a dji phantom quadcopter gets hijacked by radio antennas when flying over the ocean. enterprise channel in victoria bc has a lot of interesting boat traffic. i tried flying my quad there when four large radio antennas overwhelmed my transmitter causing the quad to fly away. enabling "return to home" brought the quad back safely, with no battery life left, but still alive! enjoy my nerve wracking experience! dji phantom quadcopter drone aerial video victoria bc british columbia vancouver island enterprise channel trial ocean rc
bowen island daytripping more video to support my wife's blog...    bowen island is a quick and easy ferry ride from horseshoe bay in west vancouver... and a great place to spend a day wandering with friends. 720p hd video shot with an olympus e-p1 using adapted olympus zuiko digital 9-18mm f/4-5.6 and olympus zuiko digital 50mm f/2.0 macro lenses. june 5, 2011.    music: "see you later" by pitx (feat. fireproof babies, bmccosar)    is licensed under a creative commons license:   bowen island snug cove british columbia b.c. canada hike trek walk day trip outdoors nature forest trees park trail crippen regional park metro vancouver killarney lake killarney lake loop ferry bc ferries howe sound water ocean artisan square artisan eats cafe & fine foods olympus e-p1 9-18mm f/4-5.6 50mm f/2.0 macro micro four thirds
tug gulf regent. finn bay and spiller inlet central coast bc. this  video starts loading at finn bay at mouth of the mouth of rivers inlet, and continues to the upper reaches of spiller inlet were we load more logs, most of our trips were put together this way. we filled in the gaps that the big boys couldn't pick up.... cost wise. our loads usually consisted of several stops, so the barge was moved to differant sites till we got a full load south bound. our missed load was picked up next time around. check out stryker island video. my channel has been up for one year now and i appreciate the support from my subscibers. cheers, larry   ps. the videos are a little long for youtube but i'm trying to tell a story... sort of ...or explain a little of what's happening or how it worked. tug tugboat barge barges coastal towing ocean logging islands marine marine (ocean) log barge cat loader boating islands ships boats
vancouver island wind storm, boat races & grace point police station close to 100,000 people without power, 80kph winds, non stop rain... and the fun continues around victoria b.c.  i also located the police hq for the tv show grace point and stumbled upon a sail boat race.   i apologise for the wind noise, i didn't have my better camera with me, but you know what they say. the best camera you have is the one you have on you. so i let it rip.   cheers & thanks for watching!   ------------------------------------------------------------------------ social stuff : google+ :  my website :  full screen partnership program, apply here! : instagram :  tumblr :  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ canada vancouver storm (disaster type) wind storm gracepoint grace point police station sidney b.c. location filming vancouver island (geographical feature) rainbow over beach rocks splash chase 300hs boat sail race 2015 january ocean wind noise canon yyj
beautiful swim at birds hill manitoba triathlon youth team going for a nice swim after a hard practice.didnt know patrik loved the camera so much! remember to switch the quality to hd! swimming (sport) sport (industry) triathlon beautiful hill hong bird pool diving james water birds underwater duck shark dolphin fish parrot dolphins brooke ducks silent sharks lucas sky reef scott nathan friends haley happy silent hill peyton sophia davis bush murray benny climb bethany cypress naley leyton spencer burton sawyer turtle hill climb ocean lauryn jamie benny hill lafferty hill season cypress hill akira wildlife swimming pool
rmr: rick and mini-subs rick ventures to the bottom of the ocean in a mini-submarine in egmont, british columbia. (originally aired: october 16, 2007) rmr rick mercer report rick mercer rick mercer report mercer report nuytco submarine sub british columbia british columbia ocean exploration ocean exploration egmont egmont british columbia
klepper aerius 1 | near oyster river, bc short paddle excursions around saratoga bay, and the oyster river areas in a vintage klepper foldable kayak. dates: march 08 (windy day) march 09 (surf & sunset paddle). located on east vancouver island, bc canada. camera is a gopro hero2 helmet cam, using a headband mount. klepper aerius one vintage foldable folding kayak sea kayaking ocean coastal kayaking bc british columbia georgia strait comox valley vancouver island canada aerius 1
boats on the sunshine coast (powell river) here are a few boats cruising by, heading to the harbour in powell river, on the sunshine coast of british columbia sunshine coast the sunshine coast sunshine coast bc powell river bc powell river news powell river videos sony vegas lumix zs10 videos lumix zs10 test videos powell river boat boat ship harbor harbour british columbia canada ocean cruise west
kingsland - it never rains in seattle - live in kamloops, bc fall into the ocean... fall ocean kingsland seattle rain
whale watching: newfoundland and labrador tourism be prepared to come face-to-face with nature's own gentle giants of the deep when you visit newfoundland and labrador.  several species of whale make their way here every year during the summer months to play, feed and people-watch...     whales whale watching humpback newfoundland labrador tourism kayaking boat tour ocean minke fin whales sightseeing
midway journey - education outreach chris jordan and jan vozenilek share the their experiences on midway with students at penticton secondary school in british columbia canada, and announce that emily chartrand, a grade 11 student, will be joining the expedition on their next journey to midway atoll in march 2011.    working with emily, the midway team is expanding its education outreach program, to connect with high school students in canada and the united states. starting on sunday march 20th, emily will be providing daily reports on her blog:   midwayjourney penticton secondary school chris jordan emily chartrand midway jan vozenilek chbc global tv activism plastic plastic pollution midwayjourney albatross papahanumokuakea midway atoll #midwayj pacific islands atoll pollution gyre garbage patch disposable single use manuel maqueda victoria sloan jordan joe schweers pacific environmental pacific garbage patch inspirational ocean
duncans cove hiking trail. halifax, nova scotia. duncans cove hiking trail. halifax, nova scotia. one of the best coastal day hikes in the province. for maps, photos and more information, visit:  music:  "welcome home" by radical face. duncan's cove nova scotia (location) nova scotia (canadian province) hiking (sport) canada (country) duncan duncan's duncan duncan's cove duncan's cove hike hiking halifax halifax hrm hrm ns ns nova scotia nova scotia walk walking nature wilderness outdoor outdoors ocean atlantic coast coastal coastline canada canada trekking tourism tourist destination halifax hiking nova scotia hiking
tom cochrane & red rider - ocean blues (emotion blue) east side beaches - south basin of lake winnipeg. near tom's "relies".   tom cochrane b. lynn lake manitoba  from the 1986 album tom cochrane & red rider  about:  tom cochrane red rider ocean blues emotion blue east side beaches cottage country lake winnipeg manitoba grand beach gull patricia lester hillside albert plage victoria elk island
frozen, the sea is frozen, but wait, what do i see out there, awesome, amazing and incredible looking to see what is going on across the road, and then getting a closer look at the great river that flows beyond the ice this year has been colder than most and there has not been a big thaw or a storm capable of breaking-up the ice that has built-up with many successive extreme cold days/weeks. even the tides have not broken-up the ice this year, the flowing waters, mixed with ice are at the edge of where the eye can see. but with the use of deep zoom, i was able to capture the flow as it speeds along, far from shore, on the mighty st-lawrence estuary (where the river becomes the gulf), here in sainte-anne-des-monts quebec, on the northern shore of the gaspe peninsula.  merci de votre visionnement, prenez un petit moment afin de visiter    je vous invite a venir visitez mon site:     thank you for watching,  take a moment to visit my youtube page   i invite you to visit my site:  sainte-anne-des-monts (city/town/village) gasp peninsula (location) gaspsieles-de-la-madeleine (administrative division) qubec (canadian province) canada (country) st-laurent fleuve estuaire estuary river sea gulf golfe water beach waves ocean surfing ice snow frozen freeze cold winter season weather deep extreme severe flow pack amazing see awesome crazy cool best great incredible location (literature subject)
w30g50 @ muriel lake a buddy and i tearing up the eastern shores of muriel lake in north eastern alberta, canada. for once the weather was accurate... w 30 gusting 50. kite mounted gopro made for some fantastic pics and video footage. feel the stoke and check it out!  ocean rodeo rise 10m and the mako 150. w 15-20kts. music: valient thorr - double crossed or kiteboarding northern alberta canada muriel lake bonnyville cold kent aessie ocean rodeo rise 10m mako 150 wide gopro
sea kayak vancouver island west coast part 8 of 500 km journey-kyuquot/bunsby islands bc 2010 day 12/part 8 of darrin rockliffe's 500 km 28 day journey up the west coast of vancouver island north , this section includes bunsby islands kyuquot sound to nasparti inlet , just south of the brooks penninsula. enjoy! sponsorship provided by kit kayak crusades  west coast key guide vancouver island darrin rockliffe journey adventure kayak kayaking kayaker hike lost wilderness funny laugh paddle boat ocean beaches camping wildlife expedition keyword nimbus necky patagonia trees tree deer fire dork dweeb nerd chump hobo werner
wild mink at the wharf waterfront suite, pender harbour area, bc, canada while having coffee on our deck in the morning in may 2012 and enjoying the serenity of pender harbour, listening to the birds, at the wharf waterfront suite we saw this mink scurrying along the wharf and up the gangway. animals accommodation +unusual +getaway +travel +waterfront +adventure ocean sunshine coast bc
bamfield trip to bamfield british columbia bamfield ocean sea vancouver island elk deer logging trucks beach waves harbour boats british columbia canada
hiking up roche miette enjoyed a day hike at roche miette, in jasper national park, alberta, canada.  known for its near vertical north and west faces, roche miette is easily identifiable from great distances in both directions.  the hike is 12.8 km / 7.9 miles return, with 1309 meter / 4295 feet in elevation gain.  hope you enjoy. roche miette jasper national park mountain solo hike hike canada alberta trail summit athabasca river jasper lake brule lake
overnight backpack trip to taylor lake in banff park, alberta an overnight hike to taylor lake in banff park, alberta with my 2 sons.  we bush-whacked to a waterfall at the north-end of the lake. banff national park (protected site) mountain backpacking (sport) taylor lake hiking (sport)
family outdoor hike at brown lowery provincial park short hike with kids at brown-lowery provincial park  date: march 8, 2015 weather: 10 c, sunny group size: 5 humans, 2 dogs distance: about 6.5km loop  alberta parks link to this park:   wikipedia link to this park:   join me on twitter:  brown-lowery provincial park priddis (city/town/village) millarville (city/town/village) foothills foothills hiking hiking family hiking family adventure family outdoors outdoor family hiking with family outdoor kids hike outdoor recreation (interest) wilderness (quotation subject) family mountain
mountain biking fernie bc swine flu fernie mountain bike ride on sept 6th. this ride was down a trail called swine flu which is the result of a 40+ minute climb then a sweet flowing downhill for about 15 minutes. this was my last ride at fernie for this year and a fun fun way to finish. my friend del is leading and i am filming from behind.  i am riding my santa cruz nomad.  del cleland & jack perry sept 6, 2012 distance:10.74 mi (condo to top of swine flue and return time: 1:34:52 h:m:s elevation gain: 1,198 ft avg hr: 120 bpm calories: 499 c max time: 1:34:52 h:m:s max hr: 157 bpm max elevation gain: 1,198 ft tofu stravinsky bike mountain biking (sport) mountain ride
scuba dive at isthmus bay rd near lions head ont, canada renee and i had a nice shore dive at lions head bridge across the road from 239 isthmus bay rd (see the map on the video).  the path down is a little rocky, so you have to be careful.  there is very limited parking for a few vehicles only.  water visibility and temperature was better than at cedar hill park.  if you need restroom facilities the best thing to do is use the public restrooms at the beach in downtown lions head before you drive to the dive site.  our dive went north (left) where bottom depth is greater than to the south (right).  due to silt it may be a little murkier near the lake bottom.  hope you enjoy the video.  claude and renee diving (sport) canada 239 isthmus bay isthmus bay rd road lions head lions head on ont ontario ca canada shore scuba diving dive bruce county big wiarton elph canon 960 is 960is image stabilization renee claude pageau underwater video thermocline music jason shaw creative commons groundhog divers port elgin groundhog divers swim water camera swimming rocks winter texan advanced open water certification idea naui fun navigation northern penninsula georgian colpoys cedar hill tobermory
rc cwr 2 axial honcho on the st mary's river will and i hit the trails along the st. mary's river in kimberley b.c. with the 2 axial honchos.   google+       instagram     face book     music by silent partner youtube audio library dc love go-go garage    fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   nicodemousbain  ken    rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
st. john's snow clearing cameron campbell commenting on the snow removal in st. john's, newfoundland. please visit the essential transit association's website at   source:  st john's newfounbdland snow sidewalk clearing o'keefe mayor
rc cwr swamp boat bayou will and i loaded up the trailer with the swamp boat and head down to the bayou. we even got some crazy on board footage too. the boat looks awesome behind the tf2 and custom built camper, a perfect swamp look. the boat was a toy grade boat that has been modded to look this way, called the work boat. i replaced all the electronics to hobby grade electronics to get more speed out of it too. thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.   google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees or atees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library   fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
cochrane to armstrong driving part 1of 5 cochrane to armstrong, ontario, canada  date: 27/12/2009 cochrane armstrong driving ontario canada winter road snow
crazy frog on acid and confused ( vj pstyles remix ) poor frog is on acid and thinks he's a gummy bear.  if you love crazy frog you'll love this one. crazy frog on acid and confused vj pstyles remix
sitka herring opening # 2 - m/v infinite grace rolling hard over - video from the air 04-01-2011 april fools day today.. but this was definitely not a joke.... sitka herring 2011 deadliest catch
slide seat recreational rowing with chris - even in winter! ride along with chris as he determinedly rows all year round weather permitting in bc, canada. this video seems to capture the essence of the rowing workout, the steady rhythm of the oars, the ambience of nature and the contrast of working out while allowing the surroundings massage every sense with peace, while being detached from the hustle and bustle of everyday life, just for a short while.     slide seat recreational rowing - featuring the heritage 15. (fennski@gmail.com 250.868.7600) music: evidence of light by darshan ambient  for safety on the water chris wears a compact inflatable flotation device around his waist. rowing slide seat exercise oars row boat kelowna bc british columbia low impact calories heart strengthen muscle muscle groups fitness workout diet loss little river marine fun relaxing work out aerobic weight loss muscles health snow bodybuilder bodybuilding
rc cwr river run nqd jet boat took the nqd tear into jet boat to kananaskis county to do some creek runs at evan thomas and ribbon creek. but we are still having some water flow issues and the creeks are more like rivers. but we still managed to find a few slower moving parts to give the jet boat a good test. we cant wait to get back in a few weeks, after the creeks slow down a bit and we have more options. none the less we had a blast racing the boat up and down the creeks rivers.   kevin macleod controlled chaos incompetech.com  rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
19k platinum gold  ring lost in snow while walking the dog 19k platinum gold  ring lost in snow while walking the dog  found by kevin niefer tv metal detective calgary alberta canada ringfinders  treasure hunting at it's best.metal detecting services  lost gold (chemical element) platinum (chemical element) lost found metal detecting services treasure hunting 19k gold ring calgary alberta canada snow ring finders whites dfx fisher
rc cwr trailin at seebe dam with 2 axial trucks and one custom build 3 trucks trailin at seebe dam trails, aaron aka rookie101 is driving his custom build orange red toyota and chris aka spikers rc was driving his axial honcho. i was testing out the new asiatees upgrades on my deadbolt build. the truck handled awesome and the only thing i might have to do is add some weight to the back. with the hardbody and batt under the hood theres lots of weight up front but it does climb like a champ. it was a great day of rcing with the boys, so make sure to swing by their channels and give them a follow :-) links below. as always thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.  aaron from rookie101  chris from spikers rc   google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library red hot son staring at the valley hooky with sloane  fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
saguenay-en-neige (festival d'hiver, winter festival) attachez votre tuque et venez vivre des heures de plaisir au festival hivernal 'saguenay en neige' qui se droule au dbut du mois de fvrier.  comptition de sculptures de neige, patin, glissade... une panoplie d'activits amusantes pour les enfants de tous les ges. ralisation - anne kostalas  grab your tuque and mittens and head out for some winter fun at 'saguenay en neige' in the saguenay - lac-saint-jean region of quebec.  this winter festival which takes place at the beginning of february has it all:  snow sculptures, sliding, skating, and lots of fun for kids of all ages. director - anne kostalas ------------------------------------------------  suivez-nous au :    dcouvrez les autres vido du vlog du saglac au    visitez le saguenay-lac-saint-jean au   winter festival snow kids children families sculptures hiver neige enfants famille jonquire saguenay saguenay-lac-saint-jean
a snowmobile trip to the gorge, newfoundland and labrador (by peter bull, newfoundland) on march 15, 2011, i went with a group of snowmobilers on a ride to "the gorge" western brook pond, gros morne national park. conditions were perfect, unlike 11 days earlier when we had to turn back because of high winds and whiteout conditions (see my other youtube video). our 177km trip took us over groomed trails and beautiful backcountry. this ride takes you into gros morne national park. before you head in, you need to pick up a park pass and a snowmobile permit. contact the park before heading in. any group planning the trip should have an experienced guide to lead the way. at 700meters above sea level, conditions can change in minutes from blue sky to whiteouts. river that were frozen over 11 days before were open on this trip. the gorge is one of the premier snowmoblie trips one can take anywere. the gorge western brook pond snowmobile sled snowmobiling sledding winter snow peterabull peter bull newfoundland and labrador newfoundland newfoundlandlabrador groomed trail cormack gros morne national park snow winter sports winter
#5 moricetown canyon with curtis cunningham today's daily vlog (part of my daily vlog challenge with josh blaha!) takes place in moricetown, british columbia, approximately a half hour's drive north of the town of smithers.  curtis cunningham, regional photographer and my host during this two week stay in smithers, has shot the canyon numerous times in various seasons and kindly leads the way for me today.  any questions? please leave them below and i'll pick some to answer in future daily vlogs :) daily vlog northern bc northern british columbia canyon moricetown canyon ice snow photographers photography travel photoadventure adventure explorebc jordan oram maplemusketeer ginger beard gingerbeard winter joshandjordanminxomajesticdailyvlogchallenge
rc cwr trailin with the new boat trailer for the ndq jet boat custom build boat trailer from aluminium, pulled behind the custom build scx-10 deadbolt. what a great combo and what a lot of fun. will and i head out for some jet boatin and had a blast. the trailer worked awesome and looks darn good too, i must say. it was a fun build, i just looked at a couple pics of what i would like and came up with this. its 3/8 by 1/2 c channel aluminium, cut and bent then screwed together. no welds in it at all. we already have another idea on the go for another build, its a little different and may take awhile. but if it works out it should be awesome. so stay tuned for more to come :-) thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.   google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library daisy dukes light the torch hey sailor  fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
rc cwr east side river trial south bound with ctg trail run and boat rescue lol. what a great day on river trail east side. ya gotta see ted at the 7 minute mark in pursuit of his over turned jet boat, too funny. good times for sure, cheers.  google+       instagram     face book     music by ccmixter nitropox ccmixter ccmixter nitropox ft snowflake - you are missing code ccmixter ccmixter.org  fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008   rustik fab werxs   calgaryp3ngu1n   captcalgary   trcc.tv   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
winter in saskatchewan - "i'm not like that" just a video of the winter of 09/10,with a tune that i wrote and recorded about 6 years ago,enjoy winter in saskatchewan arctic cat snow fun snowmobile polaris skidoo saskatchewan sun.i'm not like that
rc cwr kananaskis patrol with the warrior killerbody and wraith with predator tracks patroling the mountains of k country with the warrior, to make sure the shady wraith makes it out, without any hassle. the trail that the wraith led the warrior patrol guys one on, though the back country. was a tough trial throw water, rivers and mud, but amazing scenery. the wraith and its driver passed throw without any trouble and the kananaskis country was safe for all to enjoy once again. as always thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers  krazyjoe lent me some new tracks to run on the wraith. the new treads are a lot more aggressive then the stock one wow. so a big thanks to joe over at rudeboyz, thanks bud. make sure to check out his channels and ttc videos  krazyjoe    google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library the darkness desert howling wind jungle atmosphere late night  fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
onr!! on 2105 at otter lake (13feb2016) ontario northland 2105, on 1730, on 1733 (train 214  englehart to north bay) (230 axles  3,247 ft  56 cars) at otter lake on approach to feronia. we visit ontario northland territory occasionally. it reminds us both of the days we used to catch the northlander.  winter 2016 georgian bay ontario canada landscape scenery snow ice blizzard cottage country islands lakes scenic colours water rocks trees evergreens freight train diesel locomotive amazing steel rare awesome detector wheels railfan hobby railfanning train spotting foaming foamer scanner sony fdr-ax33 handycam avchd videography footage weather manfrotto tripod hd 1080p video high definition excellent quality
kimberley, bc, canada - the snowshow snowseekers takes a look at kimberley mountain resort with the help of local allyson blake. each week snowseekers takes a look at a different winter destination across alberta and british columbia, to give you a locals feel for the place your planning your next winter adventure to.    for more information about winter adventure in western canada,  visit our website at   or  download the snowseekers go-guide app for iphone, blackberry, and andriod. kimberley alpine resort british columbia canada winter snow powder snowmobile snowboarding skiing snowboard ski people places travel tour tourism travel bc blizzard the snowshow environment h2o water extreme helmet
trenton ontario weather with canadian studmuffin please "thumbs up" this video. thank you! subscribe:  larry graves asmr channel:  all my playlists:  facebook:  twitter:  important: don't forget to click the "bell" next to the subscribe button and select "send me all notifications for this channel".  otherwise you may not receive notification when i upload. #canadianstudmuffin #larrygraves #trentonontario #quintewest  larry graves aka canadian studmuffin is from trenton ontario and has been creating original comedy videos on youtube since february 2006.  please support my channel by leaving comments and rating the videos you watch. thank you! trenton ontario weather winter weather weather warning quinte west canadian studmuffin larry graves belleville ontario squirrel squirrels drizzle snow drinking alcohol joke comedy humor funny accident car accident collisiion humour weird strange odd bizarre crazy silly canadianstudmuffin worst winter ever
rc cwr jet boat and honcho in grizzly creek day 2. nqd tear into jet boat and an axial honcho team up to take on some of the craziest and prettiest spots at grizzly creek in kananaskis country. water falls, rapids, pools... both the truck and the boat took turns crawling jumping bashing swimming and crashing their way up and down the creek. at the end of the video both truck and boat are playing in one of the lower pools.   kevin macleod i feel you, rite of passage incompetech.com  rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
driving the canadian rockies (time lapse) driving through rocky mountains in canada, close to banff and lake louis. song: interaction- on the beach driving snow time-lapse photography music canada cars rocky mountains drive banff lake louis interaction on the beach
head flight series turbine and mya 10 skis bc powder guides liz and andy maillot  go for an early season tour with nixon the dog on the head turbine , mya 10, and tyrolia 16 adrenaline bindings! watch for 2014-15  clips. head turbine ski tyrolia mya 10 andy maillot nauticaquest skiing snow heli helicopter camps guide liz
old man winter vs ol' man snook good buddy ol' man snook plans how to best battle old man winter with nl classifieds! old man winter (fictional character) newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) online advertising (industry) marketplace (website category) radio (invention) snook classified advertising (website category) winter snow
skiing arthur's choice on blackcomb mtn. skiing arthur's choice on blackcomb mtn., whistler bc. obviously... i'm not a professional skier. but here's a tour of what ac is like. ski skiing whistler blackcomb snow trees black diamond powder whistler (city/town/village) whistler-blackcomb (ski area) whistler olympic park (olympic venue) blackcomb peak (mountain) winter snowboarding snowboard sports freestyle
rc cwr 2 axial deadbolts on river's edge trail in bc and the tear into jet boat kimberley b.c. river's edge trials, the kids and i headed out for a trial run in beautiful bc. will is driving the blue ford with the jet boat in tow and skye is driving the custom hard body build truck. and had a little footage of the jet boat out on the lake too. as always thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.   google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees or atees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library on my way home going, going, gone light the torch  fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
off-roading at lake newell, alberta - dec. 31, 2011 having fun for the last time of the year with some friends. alberta off-roading quadding 4x4 snow
helpless polar bear in quebec canada a pacing polar bear at the quebec aquarium in canada. he or she appears to have alopecia, or skin lesions. i felt bad for it. the inclosure was small and it also had no water in the pool! polar bear (animal) qubec (canadian province) canada (country) quebec aquarium alopecia skin lesions yahoo google safari firefox funny polarbear youtube polarbear meat arctic northpole snow bear humane humane society animal rights national geographics discovery travel travel channel
rc cwr stormy weather jet boating with nqd 757 tear into will and i hit the waves at st. mary's lake for some epic jet boating. with some stormy weather fronts rolling through the valley, the waves and wind started to pick up. making it very difficult  to stay upright and cruise the lake. if we jumped a wave and had our boat pointed into the wind it would just flip us over. will has to make some deep water rescues. the one rescue mission will had to swim out to rescue the boat and then realized that he could just stand up lol.  good times on the lake, thanks for watching and enjoy. cheers.  google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees or atees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library   fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin rc
rc cwr nqd tear into jet boat trails we loaded up the jet boat on a trailer and head for the river to hit some rapids. gotta love this boat for river crawlin and river rock jumping. the plastic guard on the intake was broken and we ended up sucking up some rocks and destroyed the prop again. good thing i bought a pack of 6 replacement ones lol. so back to the bench for some repairs and we will be good to go again. i'll have to figure out a good system to stop the rock issue but that should be easy enough. we did have to cut our river run a little short with the jet boat tho. theres some other really cool spots down there that we want to hit, so hopefully we get back out there soon :-) as always thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.   google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library light the torch the driving force action hero  fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
an inuit/eskimo family in the arctic 1959 the barren life of an inuit family and their children in iqaluit, nunavut,  arctic canada more than fifty years ago. see my other 1000 clips by searching youtube with 'michael rogge'  website 'man and the unknown'   canada nunavut eskimo inuit iglo furr 1959 arctic michael rogge sledge fox north pole children hunt icefield snow iqaluit
project epic episode 5 kimberley bc ya wilkomen to kimberley british columbia. lee & laura arrive in the small town of kimberley bc. it's like germany in canada! ski hills, platzl and friendly hospitality! come see why kimberley bc is project epic worthy! project epic episode kimberley bc ski skiing hill rossingnol olympics atomic british columbia canada lee martin laura penwell kimberly media productions jerk snow skiing snowboarding powder highway vancouver ontario winter glen eden milton lake sunshine pose yoga village panorama fernie big white apex blackcomb peak webster lift lines powder snow cats rolly rocker rockys ride and glide platzl german cuckoo clock andrew webster leeann skyes bavarian glades friends steak pilsner beer explotion
quad cam at struthers lake quadding- one handed in the snow quad cam at struthers lake quadding- one handed in the snow
cochrane to armstrong driving part 3 of 5 cochrane to armstrong driving, ontario, canada  date: 27/12/2009 cochrane armstrong driving ontario canada winter road snow
rc cwr nqd tear into jet boat cruisin' cruisin' in the jet boat on beautiful warm day. its nice to get out on the rivers and ponds in and around calgary.   here is the trucks side of the journey, check it out.    google+       instagram     face book     music by silent partner youtube audio library back and forth    fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   nicodemousbain  ken    rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
valle des fantmes/valley of the phantoms : parc national des monts-valin chaque anne au sommet des monts-valin dans la rgion du saguenay-lac-saint-jean, mre nature cre des uvres d'art dans la neige. de renomme provinciale, la valle de fantmes est l'endroit par excellence pour partir en raquettes dans plus de 7 mtres de neige poudreuse. une exprience hors de l'ordinaire.  ralisation : anne kostalas      mother nature does some of her best artistic work each winter as she creates eerily wonderful shapes in the snow-covered trees in the monts-valin park in the saguenay - lac-saint-jean region of quebec.  snowshoe through up to 7 metres (22 feet) of snow and experience this incredible display of nature for yourself. video production by:  anne kostalas hiver raquette neige parcs sentiers valle de fantmes winter snowshoeing snow park trail valley of the phantoms saguenay lac-st-jean saguenay-lac-saint-jean
rc cwr axial deadbolt and tamiya cc-01 with jet boat in tow tamiya cc-01 with custom built jet boat trailer and the blue ford deadbolt hit the trails in k country. we even took out the ax-10 for some rock crawling fun. the trail run was more of a test for the new canon g30, so will and i took turns filming with the new camera. lots to learn and lots of fun to come, amazing camera so far. as always thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.   google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
drone flight at onaping falls, sudbury, ontario find out more about onaping falls here:  onaping falls community action network:  music by joakim karud   click here if you'd like to subscribe:   find us at:     for more information or business inquiries please contact wayupfilms@gmail.com aerial video onaping falls waterfall river ontario canada drone dji phantom dji phantom multicopter multirotor quadcopter bridge hike northern ontario dronie snow evergreen tree rapids joakim karud joakimkarud neistat casey
cochrane to armstrong driving part 2 of 5 cochrane to armstrong driving, ontario, canada  date: 27/12/2009 cochrane armstrong driving ontario canada winter road snow
evaporating water in -30c in yellowknife, nwt explained for more discovery news, visit  | this video shows a resident of yellowknife, northwest territories in canada throwing boiling water into very, very cold air. a fellow yellowknife resident and high school chemistry teacher explains the surprising results. cold air water freezing snow yellowknife northwest territories canada cool science weird discovery news jorge ribas youtube explainers
a snowmobile ride to mt. peyton, newfoundland and labrador, feb 2012 (by peter bull, newfoundland)  newfoundland and labrador newfoundland sledding snowmobile polaris yamaha peterabull peter bull snowmobiling newfoundlandlabrador go central gander lewisport appleton gander river tourism travel adventure winter snow mt. peyton nlsf groomed trail back country sledding grey jay wiskey jack glenwood
winnipeg crash on south perimeter - december 23, 2015 - winnipeg, manitoba  treacherous driving conditions on the south perimeter highway lead to at least one vehicle sliding in the ditch. snow weather winter crash accident ice winnipeg manitoba canada jayden mckoy
snow wheelin williams lake bc 2010  snow wheelin
u-hd! the canadian at mckechnie lake (30apr2016) via rail canada 6414, via 6410 (via 02 - vancouver to toronto) "the canadian"  transcontinental passenger train at mckechnie lake on approach to dock siding.  winter 2016 georgian bay ontario canada landscape scenery snow cottage country islands lakes scenic colours water rocks trees freight train diesel locomotive amazing steel rare awesome detector weather sony fdr-ax33 handycam avchd videography footage railfan hobby railfanning train spotting foaming foamer scanner hd 1080p video high definition ultra 4k 2160p super
driving through frosty northern ontario for the last 3 days, the frost is getting thicker and thicker on the trees. this is what i have to look at for hundreds of kilometers :) snow frost trees northern ontario
so cold downtown. downtown calgary, alberta. we're under a snowfall warning and snow squall warning, as well as windchills around -35' celcius. yyc snow squall cold squal downtown calgary crackmacs nenshi freezing wind windchill whitefriday whit white friday canada winter night blizzard storm dangerous crash crashes snowtires ice 6th ave avenue
just another day in a kitimat winterland, a drive on dunn street in kitimat, bc, snow kitimat bc canada gary haupt dunn street winter
rc cwr losi trekker in maui wave racer losi trail trekker vrs maui waves equals 2 dead trucks. this is my version of urban assault 6, called ocean a-salt in maui. i was away on vacation during the ctgs ua6 in a slightly warmer climate in maui hawaii. so i dedicate this video to all the boys and girls that turned out for ctgs ua6 in the -5c' weather to take on the streets of calgary, while i was racing the ocean waving in plus 27c' weather, oh ya and the ocean won. this was the last rc run of my vacation, do to some salt water issues and electronics lol. i knew it was going to happen, i always have to push the limits. i don't know for sure but i believe i blow 1 esc in one rig and some gearing problems in the other. alittle tlc and i'm sure they will be back hitting the trails in calgary soon. thanks for watching and enjoy.  check out the other videos from out maui trip.    google+       instagram     face book     music by youtube audio library silent partner youtube audio library open highway and some garage band background sound effects   fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008   rustik fab werxs   calgaryp3ngu1n   captcalgary   trcc.tv   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
winter wonder land lake of the woods. 2013 feb 18 / 2013 / time 8:30 am in north western ontario lake of the woods near bergland woke up and got my morning coffie opened the window and this is what i seen winter wonder land snow winter cold canada ontario vancouver toronto storm montreal ottawa winnipeg calgary manitoba winnipeg the bear (organism) alberta edmonton selkerk 2013 2013 winter rainy river ontario canada fort frances ontario canada cottage country canada ontario canada lakes lake
drone photography - winter evening fog - on the frozen ottawa river - dji phantom aerial photography filmed with a dji phantom 3 advanced and phantom 3 standard. a drastic change in temperature caused fog to form off the ottawa river.  i happen to have my drone and capture video of this strange world. ottawa ontario canada ottawa river fog cloud winter snow ice water night evening magical petrie island parliament buildings city downtown calm glass dji phantom 2 dji phantom 3 dji phantom 4 standard advanced professional
cp 8765 at bannerman lake (23jan2016) canadian pacific 8765, cefx 1032 (train 119  toronto to edmonton) (280 axles) departing cartier after recrew passing bannerman lake. winter 2016 georgian bay ontario canada landscape scenery snow cottage country islands lakes scenic colours water rocks trees freight train diesel locomotive amazing steel rare awesome detector weather sony fdr-ax33 handycam avchd videography footage railfan hobby railfanning train spotting foaming foamer scanner hd 1080p video high definition
rc cwr angeroffroadrc trail run barry from @anger_rc or angeroffroadrc, birthday trail run (happy birthday bud) so we hit the trails at ribbon creek. the boys that do the angeroffroadrc trail run put on lots and lots of miles, luckily today they took easy on us old and sore guys. tod and i ended up leaving earlier but the boys continued on up the mountain. we still need to cook up the hotdogs on the campfire, next time. make sure to check out the boys instagram pages, for some awesome rc pics, @anger_rc @chaz_rc @calgary_p3ngu1in and of course @voodoo_44. the boys are fast and its a little hard to get some good footage of them. so this is what i managed to get of todays trail crew. the weather was supposed to rain but we lucked out and it was a great day for trailing. what a great day for a trail run, thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers     google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees or atees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library   fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
a snowmobile trail ride from steady brook to deer lake, newfoundland and labrador (by peter bull) early in march 2012, i took a two hour snowmobile ride from steady brook to deer lake. a fantastic day of riding on the groomed trails of the newfoundland and labrador snowmobile federation. western snowriders and junction trail blazers share this trail. there was some forestry operations but for the most part, it was a fantastic ride through rolling, twisting trail. peterabull peter bull newfoundlandlabrador newfoundland and labrador newfoundland steady brook deer lake corner brook pasadena camp chill out carp creek snowmobile arctic cat mountain cat nlsf western trail riders junction trail blazers winter tourism snow trail ride marble mt
creepy squatter cabin hidden in alberta prairies skidooing far into the prairies of alberta and found this cabin in a group of trees about 30km from the nearest road. the wood burning stove was still hot. looks to be somebodys hideout. there were no other snowmobile trails in or out of the area. alberta prairies strange creepy scary haunted abandoned squatter homeless criminal skidoo ski doo polaris brp snowmobile snow winter canada ghost sled summit cabin in the woods abandoned house abandoned cabin trap trapper trappers cabin stove fire
on 2105 at trout mills (13feb2016) ontario northland 2105, on 1730, on 1733 (train 214  englehart to north bay) (230 axles  3,247 ft  56 cars) at trout mills on approach to north bay. winter 2016 georgian bay ontario canada landscape scenery snow ice blizzard cottage country islands lakes scenic colours water rocks trees evergreens freight train diesel locomotive amazing steel rare awesome detector wheels railfan hobby railfanning train spotting foaming foamer scanner sony fdr-ax33 handycam avchd videography footage weather manfrotto tripod hd 1080p video high definition excellent quality
rc cwr scale town one bridge in one bridge out let the build begin, scale town is under construction. this is just the start, todd is working some cabins and water towers, chuck is working on the diner/auto station and a few more on the drawing board. i have the blacksmith/carpentry shop all done up, i have some preview shots on my instagram, check it out and more under way. brian is working on the general store. lots of plans and lots of buildings planned for scale town alberta. stay tuned and make sure you hit the bell button to get notifications of the new upcoming videos. thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.   face book    facebook for camo trophy rc expedition group page  instagram     google+         sponsored by asiatees or atees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit    for the local boys that are looking for some custom decal work, make sure to check out decal it at the crossroads market. and talk to rob, the guy has amazing design skills and is an rc enthusiast too.    music by youtube audio library   fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta. we have many rcs in out collection, traxxas bashers, axial trail trucks and rock racers, tamiya scalers, losi 1/24 scale and a dbxl, jet boats and prop boats, a super cub airplane, hpi drifters, rc4wd scalers. and we build our custom trailers for hauling the boats and custom build styrene camping trailers. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
redneck snowboarding alberta daily adventures when theres no mountains around... build your own and bring out the quad ahha redneck snowboarding 0001 better than paris hilton nascar and the stanley cup playoffs super dog tricks funny amazing cool neat quad adventure snow jumping beer alberta fort mcmcurray edmonton fun canada ski hockey toronto skiing montreal vancouver nhl ontario winter goal rich
cochrane to armstrong driving part 5 of 5 cochrane to armstrong driving, ontario, canada  date: 27/12/2009 cochrane armstrong driving ontario canada winter road snow
helicopter flight over nelson bc & kootenay lake - tmtv tmtv news nelson bc canada - a short heli flight in a eurocopter a-star 350 over nelson bc and the west arm of kootenay lake in winter. video provided by teamwork media television copyright tmtv 2008. helicopter produced by high terrain. nelson british columbia canada helicopter kootenay bc news bctv tmtv flight winter scenery travel eurocopter star snow lake chopper airport skiing snowboarding sports kokanee glacier
rc cwr one big rc boat 1/5 scale ish custom built harbercraft well we have a fully custom build 1/5 scale ish rc boat. built from a display model for 1/1 boat sales and buddy thought it would make an awesome rc boat base custom build. so thats what he did. by the way i have a great memory but it is very short lol. so if you know buddies name let me know, i tried to get a hold of him to put in his info and say a personal thanks to him. i fill in his info when i get it.  as always thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.   google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library far the days come  fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
rc cwr boats, boats and more boats miss geico, blackjack, mini mono, iom sailboats, tear into jet boats and a bunch of other boats. chris from arch (alberta rc handbook) set up a - let's go boating - day at pine coulee lake south of calgary. we must of had a dozen drivers and close to twenty boats. what a great way to spend the day, with a bunch fellow rc guys racing boats on the water on a beautiful summer day. some of the boats videoed very well and some not so much lol. the mini monos are fast little darts on the water that are very hard to follow with the camera, a blast to drive, watch and race tho. and of course we had a few trucks out and about too. everybody helping everybody fixing boats, rescuing boats, aaron aka rookie101 even went for a long swim to help a few boats. thanks to lyle for helping and grabbing the camera to catch some rescue missions on film. it always a good time with these greta bunch of rc guys, links below so make sure to check them out. as always thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.   arch -  aaron -  rc athletes aka lyle    face book    facebook for camo trophy rc expedition group page  instagram     google+          sponsored by asiatees or atees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit    for the local boys that are looking for some custom decal work, make sure to check out decal it at the crossroads market. and talk to rob, the guy has amazing design skills and is an rc enthusiast too.    music by youtube audio library   fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
rc cwr snow baotin journey down a frozen river the axial honcho 6x6 hauling the trailer with the blackjack the snow boating boat in tow. we got some awesome on board footage this time with the go pro, as went flying down the snow covered river bed. it was a chilly -29 c' when we started and warmed up to -27 c' by the end lol. but we were sweating like crazy, trudging through knee to waist deep snow for almost 2 hours. we had a blast out there on our chilly snow boatin journey. thanks for watching and enjoy, hopefully we can get back to this spot for some super cub flying. i want to shot down the river bed lined with trees and fly under the bridge and cut it hard up and out. stay tuned for more :-)  if you haven't check out the trailer for this video here it is, it's a gooder :-)   make sure you check out the trailer video.   google+       instagram     face book     music by youtube half pipe by huma-huma hot heat by topher mohr and alex elena  rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
kaze sushi and beyond in whistler bc best whistler japanese sushi and sashimi bar none! located in the westin resort & spa in whistler bc, home of the 2010 winter olympics. take a look at our current menu and customer reviews at  japanese sushi sashimi kaze restuarant whistler ski skiing cuisine bike 2010 olympics winter snow food
pine falls manitoba short montage of pine falls manitoba exploring with some good friends.  to be honest, idk what i want to do with channel...i have a lot of videos to edit but they're all over the place. i want this channel to be consistent on a theme of some sort.  follow me on: twitter: twitter.com/alryandomingo  tumblr: alryandee.tumblr.com instagram: instagram.com/alryandomingo  subscribe: youtube.com/alryandee manitoba (canadian province) powerview-pine falls (city/town/village) canada (country) instagram langly 305ivemm drake legend toronto winnipeg long drive snow fog commercial backpack pack and go driving hip hop music (musical genre)
rc cwr teamraffee co. trailer trail run with rc4wd gelande 2 i took the team raffee company trailer out for a trail run with todd the red tf2 and grant gray gelande ii fj. i was pulling the new trailer behind my yellow gelande ii d-90. i also used the boomracing 10 mm wheel wideners for the trailer to give it a wider stance. then i strapped down my losi trail trekker quad and off we went for a 4 hour trail hike. the trailer is built and looks amazing, this is the same chassis that i built my extreme off-road trailer on. it is a great trailer to build off of or just strap down some cargo and hit the trails. as always thanks for watching and enjoy, cheers.   google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees or atees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library   fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
rc cwr axial deadbolts trial run to st mary's waterfalls a short but sweet trail to st mary's waterfalls with the family and the axial deadbolts. what a beautiful spot. as always thanks for watching and enjoy. cheers.  google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees or atees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library hit my soul  fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
rc cwr  jet boat jumping at boulton creek nqd tear into jet boat vrs boulton creek in kananaskis country. the rapids only took the boat down river 3 times, luckily we were able to rescue it. lol. we spent most of the time in the slower moving spots after that. we found a little rock ledge in the creek and rearranged the rocks to make a jump. what a blast jumping up and down the creek.   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
the city (gopro hd 1080) my first attempt at a philip bloom style video.  tell me what you think about it below.  100% shot on the gopro hd 1080    and if you have any other questions that cannot be said in public please send me a youtube message or you can find me at green_zak@hotmail.com    extra tags: edmonton alberta go pro hd 1080 bike city urban canada people places tour travel buildings ruff philip bloom ave avenue etown beautiful amazing stunning tourism culture nature snow snowy guitar gopro go pro 1080 hd the city the city of edmonton edmonton alberta canada people places tour tourism travel events cities urban buildings music ruff tuff beautiful alley adventure culture nature destination toronto vancouver philip bloom philip bloom avenue landmark musical instruments landmark snow winter cool cold guitar playing bike spray paint dirty
2012-12-02 regina today  (cars on ice)  prelude to the next day's  frozen roads. music and video insert:   regina saskatchewan.    december 02, 2012 .   roads are slippery.  temperature went high enough to melt the snow and then dropped quickly  in the night turning the entire city into a skating rink,  as illustrated by the video insert.  created with magix video deluxe mx plus magix video deluxe mx plus regina saskatchewan. ice winter cold snow
suddenly, a wild snowstorm appears! a snowstorm that came out of nowhere in air ronge, saskatchewan snow saskatchewan canada
rc cwr lets go boatin with nqd jet boats miss gieco and revolt 30 hit the water with aaron from rookie101 and chris from spikers rc. what a great day for boatin, we had 8 boats going. from sailboats to jet boats and a couple speed boats too. great times on the water. make sure to check out the other boys channels. aaron from rookie101  chris from spikers rc   google+       instagram     face book     sponsored by asiatees  if your going to do a rc build or just fixing broken parts, you must visit asiatees. its the go to place for all your rc upgrade parts, they have great selection, great products and great prices. visit     music by youtube audio library cheating jaurez staring at the valley riptide  fellow calgary rc addicts, if you haven't already subbed, then go check out their channels and subscribe. totally worth it.  ctg crawler teds garage   s.s.louie   rc athletes aka lyle   rcsparks studio / djmedic2008       rustik fab werxs      russ   calgaryp3ngu1n    kyle   captcalgary   trevor   trcc.tv   terry   rctrailblazr or diablo9999ca  terry   31roadkill nolan brenner   nicodemousbain  ken   bill s aka thegoat78   krazyjoe   rc cwr is remote control chris will rappel. we are a father (chris) 'n son (will) team in calgary alberta, enjoying the hobby of rcs. our collection of rcs include the crawlers axial wraith, honcho scx10, and dingo scx-10. twin hammer vw bug aka thug for scaling, bashing and hydroplaning with paddle tires on. for bashers we have the traxxas slash 2wd and bandit. drifter cars and or truck hpi sprint 2 fluz and e-10. scaler tamiya f-350 and a cross over wraith axles under a bruiser chassis and body. next are the micro or mini losi trail trekker and crawler customized 6x6 rally trucks flat beds and a short course truck. another trekker is made into a custom 1/10 quad, with rider, for the axial scale adventures. we also have a 1/24 scale forklift from industry fork car, that helps out with our custom builds. 2 forces of valor tanks that are 1/16 scale and can shoot each other with infra red lights. protocol helicopters one tough copter and one stealth hawk. hobby zone super cub with a drop module. pro boat mini -- v and a blackjack 26 that is now a full time snow boat, weather permitting of course. snowboating can be very hard on boats and boaters fyi. nqd tear into jet boat with traxxas vxl brushless system. we have made custom built flat deck trailers and 5th wheels for our trucks to pull along on our journeys through the parks and trails around calgary and area. plus a custom camper that rides in the back of pj the jeep cherokee. as much fun as they are to drive scale crawl or bash, we enjoy the building and planning of new builds just as much. nothing can beat the feeling of pride when a father and son team test drive a custom designed and built rc. no sooner do we finish a build, we are already talking and planning the next build. a hobby the whole family can enjoy and have fun with. thank you for joining us on our builds and trail runs in and around calgary. thanks for watching and enjoy, please subscribe like and comment. rc scale trucks cars heli axial traxxas hpi proboat pro boat crawler crawlers truck honcho dingo slash drift snow boating tekin
onboard wraith with cool icam s3000 hey youtubers, just out trailing at coal lake alberta, testing my new sport cam,  i pick up the cool icam sport cam from walmart for about 70 bucks, audio sucks on it, but the picture is pretty good for a real cheap camera. follow my wraith build on rcsparks.com thanks for watching and don't forget to sub,like or comment below.  filmed with: cool icam s3000 axial wraith action cam cool icam s3000 icam s3000 onboard 4x4 off-road rustic4x4 walmart trailing coal lake testing sport cam rcsparks axial wraith build alberta canada camera snow frozen lake four-wheel drive (mass transportation system) custom modded check
thundermouth part 1 - powder - blue river thunder mouth is now an online series beginning with this episode entitles "powder"  featuring: andrew hardingham, jonas guinn, and chad kunz  location: blue river bc canada (mike wiegele's helicopter skiing)  filming by: mike fikowski  thanks: michelle wiegele and mike wiegele. thunder mouth thunder ubiquitous media hardingham fikowski jonas guinn blue river snowboarding throw your panties hot sexy dance usa canada bc alberta awesome fun film short snow extreme shit for brains fire temper tantrum freek out helicopter mike wiegele
snow slide - canim lake snow slide - canim lake snow slide toboggan
pt 2: how to (almost) safely cross uncertain ice part 2 of 2: sunday, december 11, 2011: return up the corridor of saganaga lake by foot across slick ice with canoe and otter sled in tow. (view part 1:  fall through ice break heave safety canoe hiking sled winter saganaga lake 2011
ice conditions at ferry crossing south indian lake manitoba ferry crossing in january at south indian lake manitoba canada at near -40 temperatures the ferry runs year round as the ice constantly flows by ferry boat manitoba -40 ice crossing winter
ice paddling on kahshe lake kevin & dan enjoy some late november paddling on kahshe lake near washago. kahshe lake paddling canoe ice winter washago houseys rapids
quidi vidi village st.john's nl   kidy vidy ice bergs 092
juneau whale watching august 2016  whale whale watching whales juneau
scuba diving @ westhawk scuba fun at westhawk lake in the whiteshell. swimming diving water underwater scuba westhawk park manitoba canada video views fun whiteshell youtube lake beach provincial park tank dive regulator swim sand snorkel goggles winnipeg fish fishing aqua air tank outdoor sports nature swimming (sport) sport adventure cool new under bottom fins wetsuit cold wet woman girl scuba diving (sport)
setting up camp at hillock lake my recent trip into hillock lake, for a couple days of relaxing... check out the road in here...  lake (ontology class) lake hillock lake hillock 4x4 1985 jeep cj7 1985 jeep 85 jeep 85 85 jeep cj7 1985 jeep cj7 camp camping relaxing relax campfire fire ontario ontario ontario camping ontario camping tent tenting tarp trailer offroad offroad trailer rough rough road in rough road camp four-wheel drive (driveline) fun v8 engine (engine type) 383 383 stroker 35 35 inch 35 inch mudders mudders ice frozen frozen lake high water cold water
david gibbins diving under the ice in tobermory, ontario new york times best selling author david gibbins dives under the ice in tobermory, ontario. the dives took place on april 09, 2011 and were captured using canon's xf300 and 7d cameras. david gibbins archaeology diving scuba ice bestseller author atlantis crusader gold tiger warrior last gospel lost tomb anglersthree canon 7d documentary photography xf300 tokina 10-17 tobermory underwater swimming reef
time lapse tide change at pangnirtung, nu this is a time lapse video showing the tide changes at pangnirtung, nu. the video was shot in april when the tides fluctuated over 6.4 metres between high and low tide. it almost as if the ice is breathing. canada nunavut (canadian territory) tide pangnirtung (city/town/village) time ice
sandhill crane gets his nuts bites fingers ouch reifel bird sanctuary birds cashews british columbia winter wonderland. ducks, cranes, and an ice covered lake.  some of the younger cranes have not learned to eat gently form people's hands. they nip your fingertips with their dull scissors. they are wild and roam the sanctuary freely. they generally interact well with visitors to the park but must be avoided durting nesting season when they get protective of their young. sandhillcrane crane ducks birds bird ice winterwonderland winter britishcolumbia reifelbirdsanctuary cashews nuts bite birdnerd birdlover cold wildlifesanctuary
schwatka lake ice safety refresher training the whitehorse office of water survey all went down to schwatka lake & chipped through 4" of ice to create a hole we could practice some ice rescue maneuvors we had learned from previous courses.  two new recruits to the office so good to go through this again & get used to how we all operate.  minus 20 this morning but warmed to half that & no discernible wind like they were calling for.  good fun had by all & none of us had to lop off any frozen digits in the end!;)...here we are just seeinf how much effort to break thru after chipping thru most of the way... ice safety
crazy human ice bowling winter barrel bowling 1 quad 1 g.t. snow racer 10 'mt' barrels 1 frozen lake and some dumb asses. baptiste lake athabasca alberta funny human ice bowling humour
walrus island adventure with polar bears - students on ice arctic youth expedition 2007 footage from walrus island, nunavut from the august 2007 students on ice arctic expedition.      students on ice adventure education ipy walrus polar bear arctic climate change nunavut
the rolling stone - traytown, newfoundland and labrador the rolling stone located in traytown, newfoundland and labrador. the rock can be easily rolled in place but it cannot be tipped over.    gc2dv2x the rolling stone traytown glovertown cull's harbour newfoundland and labrador nl canada adventure central road to the beaches terra nova national park big round rock tipping boreal forest travel nature outdoors hiking geo geology boulder glacial deposit erratic glacial erratic ice
2014 frozen lake skating fun, deep bay, carling, parry sound some ice skating and pond hockey at the cottage over the 2014 holiday break. bobby orr, no, not the moosehead.  deep bay, carling, parry sound. filmed with a gopro 3+ and iphone5s some after effects whardguy pond pond hockey hockey skating ice lake cottage parry sound ice skating (sport) winter figure skating (sport) moosehead brewery (brewery / brand of beer) moosehead beer gopro iphone5s iphone gopro 3+ camera
free salt giveaway causes chaos at vancouver fire station piles of salt arrived at several vancouver, bc fire stations and it took only a matter of minutes before it was all gone. anxious residents made a mad dash with shovels to fill their allotment of one small bucket of salt before it all disappeared. the city of vancouvers offer of free salt to deal with icy roads and sidewalks created massive line-ups at fire halls around the city.  the ice melting product was in short supply following a stretch of unusually cold weather.    for more info, please go to   subscribe to global news channel here:  like global news on facebook here:  follow global news on twitter here:  global news global television global tv news salt crisis vancouver ice weather vancouver fire station crazy video frenzy free salt canada mayhem chaos salt free giveaway
aperception - outdoor figure skating film voici notre court mtrage aperception tourn en abitibi dans le froid ! court-mtrage qui reflte les sacrifices qui accompagnent chaque dcisions dans la poursuite des rves des jeunes ambitieux.  ralisation : michelle beaudoin et marc-antoine jodoin acteur : mae bouchard et maxime roux-lacroix musique : exprience de ludovico enaudi et string quartet in c-sharp minor, op. 131 nous tenons  remercier tous les gens qui ont particip de prs ou de loin lors de la ralisation de ce beau projet. un merci spcial  bert govig pour sa grande gnrosit et sa complicit.  on espre que vous allez apprcier la vido, bon visionnement ! regardez-le en hd/watch it in hd patin skating couple love drone film short movie abitibi amos saint-marc patinage nature hd beaudoin michelle mae bouchard jodoin marc-antoine court mtrage glace ice skating couple val d'or rouyn noranda mdia at sport obsession hard work phantom 3 advanced phantom dji gh4 panasonic lumix ronin ronin-m duo outdoor figure skating experience ludovico einaudi
snowboarding on lake temagami on snowboarding behind atv on lake temagami, ontario. april 2015  doug lewis productions  music: killswitch engage "the new awakening" doug lewis productions lake temagami (lake) temagami (city/town/village) snowboarding ontario canada (country) doug lewis 2015 spring ice
orcas, dall porpoises, and pacific white-sided dolphins whale watching zodiac trip, bc, canada. dolphins whales whale watching porpoises whale porpoise dolphin orca orcas wildlife zodiac canada vancouver island
freshwater otter, canal flats, columbia lake, bc, canada freshwater otter canal flats, columbia lake, bc, canada nov, 22, 2014 freshwater otter canal flats columbia lake bc canada canal flats (city/town/village) british columbia (canadian province) lake (geographical feature category) fish otter freshwater otter area wildlife kootenays (location) invermere radium hot springs (city/town/village) invermere (city/town/village) cranbrook (city/town/village) canal flats
the geese of lake beaumaris in an established neighbourhood in edmonton, alberta is a rather large and beautiful man-made lake called lake beaumaris. in the fall of 2010, thousands of geese have stopped at lake beaumaris on their migratory path.  it is fortunate that the city of edmonton looks after this lake as it seems favourable to both people and nature.  music by kevin macleod,  camera & editing by leo fedoriw. bird (film) canada geese wildlife habitat nature conservation
pack of wild eastern wolves in algonquin provincial park ( this video shows a pack of 7 wild eastern wolves in algonquin provincial park, ontario, canada.  watch as the dominant wolf feeds upon the white-tailed deer carcass and the other pack members interact.  more dominant animals (holding their tails high when interacting) dominate subordinate pack members (holding their tails between their legs).  at one point a more dominant animal "pins down" a subordinate wolf who "relaxes" until the other wolf departs.  common ravens (the numerous birds) await their opportunity to scavenge for a meal throughout the duration of the video.  this is a sight rarely recorded.  only 5 five wolves are visible at one time, but the whole pack of 7 is in the valley out of the camera's frame.    to learn more about wolves and wolf research in algonquin park check:  and     recorded from the algonquin park visitor centre viewing deck on thursday, february 18, 2010 by park staff. algonquin provincial park ontario canada wolf eastern wolf wolves deer white-tailed deer dominance feeding common raven wildlife
birds of chapleau these are just a few of the many birds that we saw during our early spring visit to the chapleau game preserve in northern ontario. chapleau ontario canada birds wildlife nature hairy woodpecker common loon
the south march highlands: ottawa's fragile urban wilderness the south march highlands, located in ottawa, canada, are home to hundreds of native species of life, including 18 recognised species-at-risk. the dense biodiversity of the area will soon be lost, marred by road construction and urban development.    to speak out against the destruction of this ecologically precious region, send your opinions to the people listed at the end of the video, and join the facebook group "i want to save the land north of beaver pond park in kanata ontario"!    narration: paul renaud  video & editing: gord stephen  photos: sherry leavitt, steven hulaj and other local residents south march highlands kanata ottawa forest ecology threatened endangered at risk nature wildlife
dan tulik easy scud - burlap dan ties another easy scud with burlap dan tulik easy scud nlft fly tying pattern northern lights burlap
bc wildlife park at kamloops experience wildlife up close and personal. over 60 species are safed.  music by ingrid chun. bc wildlife park kamloops bears couger snakes owls moose bison
great party song we all got together 4 yrs. ago to have a party and this great irish song got every one in a singing mood, even the dog chimed in with a few barks. lol party song irish singing mood valleyoo song (composition type)
alberta just a few still shots of home. albert mountans rockies outdoors wildlife deer mule whitetail pronghorn antelope elkwater turkey rose wild
pool lake cottage - 3 some raw footage from our stage at the cottage.    this is a short video of our recent stay at a beautiful cottage in muskoka, ontario. we also have pictures that you can view here. -   this cottage is available for weekly or monthly rent. connect here for more info.   black and white blue butterfly climate - change clouds commercial dessert digital art disney diy doucumentary dreams economy energy flowers god green happiness insects ipad iphone lanscape meditation organic party plants summer sunset trees wildlife water vintage animals arts astronomy beauty enviorment food - cooking liberties linux music nature photography poetry travel
eine woche auf dem yukon river es ist die zeit der sommersonnenwende. die zeit der langen, warmen tage. des tageslichts rund um die uhr. die zeit, in der die tiere junge fhren und sich im fluss unzhlige fische tummeln. es ist die zeit, in der die natur des nordlandes erstrahlt. eine zeit, die geradezu ideal fr unser vorhaben ist. die perfekte woche auf dem yukon river erleben. intensiv. und ohne kompromisse. yukon river (river) sk touristik canada travel sommersonnenwende kanada reisen erleben experience being free wildlife water plains
campbell river snorkel with the salmon.vob raft and snorkel with the salmon in the campbell river.  destiny river adventures snorkel with the salmon salmon raft campbell river destiny river wildlife wildlife viewing
saskatchewan landing provincial park wildlife 2008 this is my first vid and hopefully many more will follow.  this is not a music vid rather a bunch of wildlife footage with a tune added.  i figured music was better than the useless garble my colleagues and i rambled about.  the pheasant i was watching all summer long but only had one opportunity to catch it on camera.  i was hoping to get a bull snake mimicking a prairie rattler.  hopefully i will get the footage this summer, it is an awesome thing to witness.  anyways i hope you all enjoy my shaky camera hand, i will do my best to get it on the tripod more often in the future. saskatchewan landing provincial park wildlife 2008
polar bear takedown two polar bears in a brief mma-esque match. one bear is quickly pinned. shot at the churchill wildlife management area in manitoba, ca. polar bear (organism classification) bear bears churchill wrestling sparring mma natural habitat adventures hudson bay wildlife
bear smarts in grande cache - season three bear awareness in the town of grande cache, alberta. located in the heart of bear territory, residents learn how to manage bear attractants and reduce the risk of bear encounters. michael short let's go outdoors outdoors mary hulbert alberta alberta parks canada bear black bear grizzly bear grande cache bear smart habitat bear encounters willmore wilderness park (protected site) wildlife town of grande cache waste management first nations encana bear management
let's go outdoors: pheasant hunting near taber, alberta the taber pheasant festival raises awareness for the sport of pheasant hunting in alberta, canada. this sport has been on the decline in alberta. enthusiasts are working to support the sport through release of birds in key habitat. both novice and experienced hunters participate in the annual event. let's go outdoors michael short alberta conservation wildlife hunting birds pheasants outdoors grasslands prairies canada pheasant animals outdoor sports hunting novice hunters fish habitat todd zimmerling
orca's west coast canada orphaned from pod.  luna of nootka sound gold river british columbia i had the pleasure of working in nootka sound vancouver island with luna the killer whale.  these are a few video clips of luna live in action.  luna seemed to like human company to take away from the loneliness of being the only whale in the sound. killer whale (organism classification) orca whale luna orphaned killer whale nootka sound british columbia pacific ocean gold river biritish columbia dfo fisheries first nations muchalat muchalat killer whale gold river. west cost canada gold river (city/town/village) nuu-chah-nulth people (ethnicity) toronto vancouver vancouver island (geographical feature) montreal ontario coast east side zoo hunting deer animals wildlife elephant lions tiger safari nature
pool lake cottage - 1 some raw footage while staying at pool lake.    this is a short video of our recent stay at a beautiful cottage in muskoka, ontario. we also have pictures that you can view here. -   this cottage is available for weekly or monthly rent. connect here for more info.   black and white blue butterfly climate - change clouds commercial dessert digital art disney diy doucumentary dreams economy energy flowers god green happiness insects ipad iphone lanscape meditation organic party plants summer sunset trees wildlife water vintage animals arts astronomy beauty enviorment food - cooking liberties linux music nature photography poetry travel
acrobatic killer whales and dolphins we had a great whale watching trip through aboriginal journeys of campbell river, bc, canada ( on aug. 15, 2013.  garry henkel really knows what he's doing in getting you ahead of the killer whales, and positioning the boat so you get the best possible view as they come towards you. after spending several hours with the orcas, he took the group on a trip to see a pod of about 100 pacific white sided dolphins -- we travelled about 100 km over a six hour journey.  our trip was a prize donated by garry to the wild ocean whales society (wows) as a fund-raiser. our enthusiastic thanks to him and to susan mackay of wows, who operates a wonderful volunteer website tracking whales and dolphins on the bc coast. you'll find it at   if you're interested in wild whales and dolphins, we urge you to support both garry and susan.  joan and soren bech roberts creek, bc, canada whale watching wildlife killer whale (organism classification) dolphin (marine creature) whale (animal) animals
2 rorquals communs mangeant en surface, 2 fin whales surface feeding in sainte-anne-des-monts 2 rorquals communs  ont profites des conditions ideales pour se nourir sous la surface, le long du littoral de la pointe sainte-anne, de sainte-anne-des-monts, quebec, sur la peninsule gaspesienne. pendant environ une heure, ils se sont promenes de va et viens et nous avons pu les capturer en videos, depuis notre porte avant, voici une compilation de clips, aussi un phoque a fait une apparition voir info:   2 fin whales spent over an hour, along the shore of the pointe sainte-anne, in sainte-anne-des-monts, eating just below the surface while swimming along the buoy lines (from the crab cages). this is a compilation of video clips, taken while looking out our front door. nature at its best. also a brief appearance from a seal see info:    merci de votre visionnement, prenez un petit moment afin de visiter    je vous invite a venir visitez mon site:     thank you for watching,  take a moment to visit my youtube page   i invite you to visit my site:  baleine whale minke right rorqual petit commun souffle blow feeding giant large mammal sea mer marin maritime coast coastal sainte-anne sainte-anne-des-monts quebec peninsule gaspesie nature wildlife naturel danbythesea phoque seal food swim surface water shallow saint-laurent fleuve nouriture baleen blowing gaspe east-coast downhomers downhome dive scoop
call of the american avocet a very short clip showing the call of the american avocet (recurvirostra americana).  taken at reed lake, saskatchewan.  some of the lakes in that area are seven times more alkaline than the ocean!  the birds in the video have their breeding plumage, in which their heads and neck take on a pink colour. american avocet call song chirp bird shorebird wader stilt long legged shorebird upturned bill wetlands north america canada united states mexico saskatchewan reed lake reed lake saskatchewan blue shanks nature wildlife aves charadriiformes recurvirostridae recurvirostra americana birding
yukon chipmunk loudly crunches seeds a charming yukon chipmunk (neotamias minimus) found the wild bird's favourite snack (black oil sunflower seeds) at a cabin in the yukon wilderness. the manual dexterity of this cute critter's dainty front paws is fascinating. the chipmunk kept a watchful eye on me, but let me get within 2 feet (0.7 metre) of it with my camera. this entire clip is normal speed. chipmunks are fast! chipmunk (animal) rodent (animal) rodentia oder sciurdae family squirrel family tamias genus neotamias minimus yukon chipmunk chipmunk eating cute critter yukon (canadian territory) canada (country) fun cute educational entertaining nature wildlife
turtles at petrie island, ottawa river map turtles, painted turtles and snapping turtles in petrie island, orleans, ontario - an awesome habitat for wildlife map turtle painted turtle snapping turtle petrie island orleans ontario orleans ottawa ottawa ottawa river riverkeeper outaouais wildlife naturalist ottawa field naturalists amphibian wildlife habitat friends of petrie island birding birdwatching
snorkeling with beluga whales in churchill manitoba den shot this really amazing video of her friend ian this summer as he snorkeled in the churchill river! churchill manitoba canada tourism beluga whales wildlife snorkeling amazing swimming gopro travel diving
columbia river - wetlands scenic float in fairmont hot springs, bc glacier raft adventures in fairmont hot springs bc offers a 1.5 hour evening scenic float through the columbia valley wetlands.  for more info:     1877 344 raft (7238) scenic float wildlife viewing bird watching tours fairmont hot springs bc
wonderland valley resort:  wildlife safety tips wonderland is located at the edge of town in squamish, bc. we border a provincial park and routinely see wildlife on our property. black bears, cougars, coyotes, wolves and even bald eagles. the same rules apply for all species: if they become accustomed to humans, they can be destroyed or cause harm. this video helps our guests and the general public learn how to have positive interactions with wildlife during vacations in british columbia. the video features an interview with squamishs' wildsafe bc coordinator, meg toom. she talks to campground owner craig davidiuk about living with the critters.  squamish bear aware cougars bobcats lynx elk wonderland valley resort meg toom animals wildlife
bog lake - bwcaw bog lake - bwcaw - 7am bog lake bwca tofte minnesota boundary water canoe area wildlife
french river black bear trail cam night 2 on the french river delta, french river provincial park, ontario, canada. black bear night video trail cam bushmaster trail cam wildlife french river outdoors canada ontario bear hunting ontario
loons on bonaparte lake, b.c. loons on bonaparte lake b.c. bonaparte lake loon wildlife boat water outdoors nature nature (tv program) british columbia (canadian province)
yukon bear video this is a small collection of my black bear and grizzly bear clips i shot over the last couple of years, where i live, in the yukon territory in canada. grizzly bear bears geroots i am yukon (canadian territory) wildlife gerry mussgnug bear black bear canada (country)
highland backpacking trail - algonquin park on june 3rd, i drove up to algonquin provincial park and did my first solo backpacking trip. this is day 1 hiking from the trailhead to faya lake. the trail starts with a fairly steep climb with lots of rocks and roots to trip over and hungry mosquitoes, gnats and deer flies. faya lake is an incredible campsite and it's actually the only campsite on the lake so you are totally secluded from any other hikers, not to mention it's beautiful. i highly recommend camping at faya lake but just don't forget bug spray! the stars at night were the highlight of my night there.   __  instagram -     __  music  "hold" - vera blue   "is there a ghost" - band of horses  "wings" - birdy    __  shot with a canon 6d & gopro hero3+ black edition. algonquin algonquin provincial park ontario madawaska canada solo adventure solitude alone hiking hike nature weekend forest trail moose bear highland backpacking trail western uplands snake turtle campfire peaceful bugs wildlife stream waterfall quiet astrophotography timelapse milky way stars carleton university carleton travel inspiring adventure time roadtrip roady road trip ottawa shooting star lake faya provoking lake
fly-over of permanent home for wildlife haven rehabilitation centre wildlife haven is building its first, permanent home in over 30 years! the hospital and education centre are starting to take place! thanks to build films for the fly-over footage!  caring for injured and orphaned wildlife in manitoba and northwestern ontario for over 30 years, wildlife haven rehabilitation centre also provides wildlife education and volunteer opportunities. wildlife rehabilitation construction animals home manitoba canada
orca - killer whales by dryad point lighthouse pod of killer whales pass tight to shore by dryad point lightstation. video clip by mike clarke submitted to us for the sightings reports at whales and dolphins bc / wild ocean whale society. orca killer whales dryad point lightstation bella bella (city/town/village) lighthouse (building function) whale (animal) wildlife killer whale (organism classification) animals
western bay newfoundland  part 4 driveing out from bradleys cove to western bay nfld western bay newfoundland
algonquin provincial park, barron canyon canoe route 5 friends explore and take a trip on the barron canyon canoe route for 3 days and 2 nights.   1. day one enter grand lake - camp at high falls 2. day two (hell day) portage after portage - camp barron canyon.  3. day three our extraction point on the barron river. algonquin provincial park (protected site) canoe (ship type) river water outdoors nature canada ontario discover explore wildlife peterborough outdoors adventure wild rock paddle portage barron canyon high falls grand lake stratton lake barron river cascade lake canoe justin anderson adam vizza ron anderson sandy lake east gate north face eddie bauer (business operation) mec
steve phillips productions: "the road not taken", alaska/yukon documentary (episode eight of eight) travel with us in this the final episode of "the road not taken" as we explore more of canada's kluane national park, it's wildlife,  and the people whose lives have been so impacted by this magical place. alaska/yukon documentary glaciers bears caribou wildlife nature first nation spiritual travel documentary
woodland caribou -newfoundland hunting caribou with a camera.  south side - exploits river  near grand falls-windsor, newfoundland,  canada rangifer tarandus caribou wildlife newfoundland exploitsriver exploits feeding foraging
snapping turtle crossing at petrie island, ottawa river awesome nature, wildlife and sandy beach on petrie island snapping turtle petrie island friends of petrie island turtles turtle amphibian ottawa river riverkeeper ottawa naturalist ottawa field naturalists birdwatching birding nature wildlife map turtle painted turtle endangered species threatened species conservation area
grizzly bears of the khutzeymateen - dvd grizzly bears grizzly bears - grizzly bears of the khutzeymateen is 74minutes of spectacular grizzly bears filming by greg palmer in the khutzeymateen. northeast of prince rupert b.c. the dvd includes commentary, footage of grizzly bears sows with their cubs, close footage of huge boars walking along the shoreline, bald eagles feeding and much, much more. for more information on this dvd and grlzzly bears tours please visit palmerville adventures website at    grizzly bears grizzlies wildlife eagles whales british columbia wildlife khutzeymateen bears
bears of chapleau hand held video of bears in and near the chapleau game preserve in northern ontario, canada. bears animals wildlife nature chapleau ontario canada
ausable conservation area - free personal dump for any inquiries on this issue, i can be contacted by leaving a common down below or sending me a personal message through this youtube account.  about the video: this is a video i have created in order to inform the local pubic about an issue that the ausable conservation authority ignores. a local individual is using this protected conservation area space as personal dumping grounds for leaves, wood, grass clippings, old plants, dirt, household garbage, etc. they also use this space to grow their own personal plants and removes dirt for their personal usage. the conservation authority has been informed on numerous occasions, but no actions have been taken. this is located in port franks, ontario, canada.  main facts -we have requested no dumping signs which they agreed to installed, but have not follow through with the request -there is a hole cut in the conservation area's fence in order to have direct access (shown in video) -there is various piles of this "debris" scattered throughout the conservation area, but the main pile is approx 100 feet long and 7 feet deep   why is this a problem: -the conservation authority restricts the usage of motorized vehicles or horse, yet they ignore this dumping and the traffic of a wheelbarrow and a lawn tractor -there is protected vegetation in this conservation area, but the large amounts of "debris" is preventing the growth of this vegetation or killing any existing plants -these large leaf piles can cause a major safety hazard for the conservation area and risk the safety of the community around it -large leaf piles do create heat from natural rot, which does increase the risk of fires -this is an eyesore for the residence that lives near this and also to the individuals who hike through here ausable conservation authority dump dumping garbage free informative information bayfield port franks ontario canada grand bend lambton shores country killing hazard fire public nature natural wildlife plants vegetation animals eyesore issue problem grand bend port franks help helping horse leaves leaf pile household house home grass people individual individuals safe area access defacing deface
bear on highway 3, e.c. manning provincial park, bc. video footage shot by my brother niral.... british columbia (canadian province) bear park highway 3 wildlife
ospreys a number of combined video clips of ospreys busy at nest building, mating attempts & feeding... taken on april 17 & 20, 2011 at duck lake, near creston, b.c. birds osprey pandion haliaetus duck lake b.c. wildlife nature
falling for wolves, a wildlife adventure in northern quebec you can sleep overnight in an ecolodge at aventuraid's parc mahikan (which means wolf in cree) near girardville, quebec.  here are highlights from our "contact with wolf" experience.  aventuraid also takes travelers on expeditions by sled dogs in the winter, canoe in the summer, etc. qubec (canadian province) travel aventuraid parc mahikan gilles granal julien gravelle wolves contact with wolf wolf experience wildlife animals saguenaylac-saint-jean (administrative division) girardville (city/town/village) adventure gray wolf (animal) arctic wolf animal (film character) zoo rain canada
fox at the dog food.wmv in january, 2011, a hungry fox visits the bell ii lodge in northwestern british columbia, canada, to steal some dog food from an unguarded dish. this is the dark colour phase of the common red fox, but this specimen has a white marking on its right hind leg, which may be the result of an old injury, -maybe a trap. fox british columbia wildlife red fox cross fox dog food stealer
killer whales (orca's) in thulin passage / copeland islands near lund bc during a day-tour with footprint nature explorations (powell river / lund bc) we encountered a group of killer whales. they suddenly changed direction and came swimming towards us. shortly after they started breaching, spy hopping and tail-slapping. orca killer whale lund bc desolation sound powell river footprint copeland islands powell river wildlife sunshine coast copeland islands marine provincial park
algonquin wildlife - july 2011 these are the highlights of the wildlife that we saw on our 4 day canoe trip over the july long weekend of 2011. we saw our first white tailed deer before even getting to the shall lake access point. on shirley lake we caught some lake trout, saw some loons, spotted a snapping turtle prowling the shore and watched a few butterflies. on ryan lake we caught a couple of brook trout and had a visit with a dragon fly. while touring shall lake we spotted a white tailed buck browsing under the hydro lines. back on crotch lake i caught a nice smallmouth bass, we watched some more butterflies, found a garter snake and even got to see a beaver swimming back to his (her?) lodge. algonquin wildlife white tailed deer lake trout splake snapping turtle loons dragonfly beaver wildlife outdoors nature black admiral butterflies garter snake algonquin provincial park (protected site) outdoor recreation (tv genre)
orca's west coast canada baby orca sunshine coast bc here are some still shots and some video of a pod of orcas that passed through the inlet.  it is a small family and you can see the baby orcas testing out the jumping skills.  it was quite an entertaining show they put on. baby baby orca killer whales baby killer whales sunshine coast british columbia british columbia (canadian province) killer whale (organism classification) sechelt (city/town/village) canada (country) orca whales baby orca whales whale (animal) toronto west vancouver montreal ontario east side ottawa calgary alberta winnipeg edmonton south cute zoo hunting deer animals wildlife animal (film character) nature
secrets of salamanders at cawthra mulock nature reserve in newmarket, ontario on a hot and steamy day in july, volunteers helped ontario nature set up a salamander monitoring study at cawthra mulock nature reserve in newmarket, ontario. reserve stewards and teens from the ymca newcomer youth leadership development program braved intense heat, stinging nettle and mosquitoes to place wooden planks on the ground in known salamander habitat.   salamanders will use these planks as shelter next season, and volunteers will monitor this use to learn more about the salamander population in this reserve. results will be shared with the ontario reptile and amphibian atlas:    ontario nature thanks td friends of the environment foundation for supporting this project. nature wildlife wild species wild spaces nature protection conservation education sustainability outdoors public engagement ontario canada salamanders restoration monitoring citizen science ymca toronto youth trails newmarket identification york-simcoe naturalists ontario nature young people
red-winged blackbirds attacked great blue heron, petrie island, ottawa river red-winged blackbirds attacking a great blue heron red-winged blackbird great blue heron attack attacking petrie island friends of petrie island ottawa ottawa river orleans ontario ontario outaouais birdwatching birding wildlife naturalist ottawa field naturalists ornithologues ornithology heron blue heron
grand rapids wilderness adventures - season three - part 1 an exciting jet boat ride down the mighty athabasca river in alberta towards the grand rapids. along the way we discover an old growth forest, plenty of wildlife, and the remnants of an old hudson's bay trading post.  part 1 of 3 in our grand rapids wilderness adventure. michael short let's go outdoors outdoors mary hulbert alberta devon energy dow royal alberta museum alberta tourism alberta parks canada grand rapids fern (plant) old growth forest athabasca river jet boat grand rapids wilderness adventures wolf river wildlife hudson's bay trading post gas well
tru science - thompson rivers university for more information about tru science programs:  tru thompson rivers university kamloops bc science animal health technology biology chemistry computing science digital arts design geology math stats natural resource science physics respiratory therapy engineering environmental science british columbia architectural engineering (field of study) instruments campus students masters phd vietnam (country) think for yourself (composition) diversity experience fisheries forestry (field of study) wildlife
alaska - highway  buffalo herd. alaska highway coal - river herd. eine herde von geschtzt 30 - 40 bffel jeglicher gre die in diesem  alaska - highway abschnitt zwischen nord bc & yukon das heranwachsende gras kurzhalten soll. sozusagen eingesetzt als biologischer rasenmher. das erspart den einsatz von schweren maschinen & unkrautvernichtungsmitteln. schilder am straenrand weisen rechtzeitig auf die herde hin. immer schn langsam fahren & nicht hupen. sonst kommt die herde in wallung. alaska highway nature animale buffalo bffelherde wildtiere wildlife
coastal connections marine eco-tours, holyrood, newfoundland and labrador book a cruise today at:   youll never look at the ocean the same way again.  catch a thrill and encounter sharks up-close while helping us find, tag, and release these wild creatures  and its all in the name of science! gaze into an alien world of tiny invertebrates on our rov creature crawl. kermit, our friendly rov, will show us the sea life and shipwrecks below  no need to get into the chilly water! cruise into the sunset watching for whales and more of newfoundlands majestic coastal wildlife. book your cruise, today. boat tours green tours newfoundland tourism eco tours eco-tours family activities whale watching bird watching wildlife rov submersible sharks sea stars star fish sea life
1975 expedition from bwcaw to hudson bay in 26ft north canoe 1975 expeditions of north america canoe trip starting at the end of the gunlflint trail on saganaga lake in the boundary waters canoe area wilderness (bwcaw) to hudson bay, york factory, and up the nelson river in one north canoe. this expedition retraced voyageur fur trade route along the us - canadian border to lake of the woods, winnipeg river to lake winnipeg, the hayes river system into york factory and hudson bay. two guide/counselors and 7 teenagers paddled and carried the 350 pound wood and fiberglass 26 foot north canoe the entire 1200 miles in 75 days, using only compass and us geologic maps, without cell phone or other electronic devices. food canisters were packed and shipped ahead for resupply at international falls, kenora, pine falls and remote hudson bay stores in norway house, oxford house and york factory. the group was wind-bound on an island in lake winnipeg for 5 days, but were able to secure additional provisions from local cree residents at berens river. erik sevareid's book, 'canoeing with the cree' was inspirational, and provided historical significance to the areas visited during the expedition. basswood river curtain falls international falls rainy river knife lake lake of the woods winnipeg river lake winnipeg berens river pine falls norway house oxford house york factory expeditions of north america bwcaw hudson bay nelson river echimamesh river erik sevareid canoeing with the cree canoe (ship type) water fish canoeing (sport) french voyageur voyageur north canoe boundary waters canoe area wilderness (protected site) fur trade
view of fish creek park from diamond cove a brief video clip of fish creek park and the bow river from diamond cove in calgary, alberta, canada.  it is a wintery day in january 2008 following a fresh snowfall the evening before. diamond cove fish creek provincial park bow river calgary alberta canada panasonic hdc-sd1
boating at henrys fish restaurant on georgian bay a look around the 'world famous' henry's fish restaurant in the sans souci area of georgian bay. san souci means 'without cares' and was the name given by samuel de champlain who was the first european explorer to visit, map and write about the area.   located in the heart of the thirty thousand islands, this place is only accessible by water, so visitors come in by boat and the numerous float planes that fly in. not much to it, which is precisely why it is so popular. boaters who wish to overnight here have access to shore power hookups and fresh water at the gas dock, although hey no longer sell fuel.   a great place to sit back, relax and give up one's cares :-)  captured with sony hxr-nx30u video camera & gopro hero 3  location of this video (henry's restaurant): 45.17453 -80.13684  filmed in july, 2015.   be sure to visit us at for information on purchasing our exclusive trent severn waterway feature dvd/blu-ray that takes you from the beginning at 'mile zero' in trenton, ontario, and through to port severn at the north west end at georgian bay. take in the beauty and adventure as we cruise all 240 miles of the highly diverse waterways and see the many wonders of the world's highest lift locks, take a ride over north america's only marine railway, visit the communities along the way and so much more!  look for our other dvd productions including travels through florida, the rideau canal, erie canal & more. please keep up to date at  for latest information!  +++ join the husband and wife cruising & traveling couple - the 'boogaboo crew' - as we move to our boat & set sail to fun & adventure! watch hundreds of original boating & travel videos, join us on facebook, read our blog and much more, all at   ++ facebook @  ++ facebook @  ++ twitter @   ++ and remember to 'click, comment, like & share!!' boating boat sea ray adventure marina inspiration lake waterway fun fish georgian bay (body of water) bay (geographical feature category) cruise midland (city/town/village) honey harbour leblancs sans souci massasauga provincial park (protected site) sony hxr-nx30u gopro hero 3
atv winter ride in bruderheim atv creek run in bruderheim. i knock my gopro (opps) off at the end :) atv quadding bruderheim winter (quotation subject)
surf smelt spawning in fidalgo bay. this video was uploaded from an android phone. surf smelt spawn fidalgo bay anacortes
dog river expedition boating up the river . boating thunder bay river nice day blue sky friends boat water plants trees fish nature outdoors
georgian bay 30,000 islands summer another beautiful evening at henry's fish restaurant located in the 30,000 islands area of georgina bay.  it's no wonder this area was called 'sans souci' - meaning 'without cares' - by the french explorer samuel champlain nearly 400 years ago. +++ more boating fun at  +++ facebook at  henrys georgian bay 30000 islands thirty thousand islands boat boating sea ray fish restaurant cruise summer yamaha sans souci
sailing port credit - gopro - august 2014 playing with my gopro hero action video camera - mississauga, ontario sailing (sport) camera mississauga c&c redwing port credit gopro gopro hero2 (digital camera) canada
kakwa wildlands 2 my second major hike through the kakwa wildlands. took six days this time and it was rough. dangerous river crossing hypothermia dehydration survival hiking sprunce grouse moose attack grizzly bears black bears.
bay-lee-mac camp website commercial bay-lee-mac camp -     a short video featuring the family fun at bay-lee-mac cottage rentals on rib lake, just a little north of temagami.  make a splash with your family and enjoy the lake this summer! camp fish youth camp (style) summer family vacation family family fun reunion friends beach kids rib lake temagami cottage rentals cottages rentals
bobcat - pemberton bc - canada - spring 2004 bobcat catching some sun on patio in back yard,  pemberton bc canada, then wandering away onto crown land near pemberton creek. bobcat was sighted several times over the next few years and many species of native wildlife have been seen passing through this 'pemberton creek corridor',  due to increased 'domestic animal' presence, development and recent habitat disturbance, wildlife sightings in this corridor have recently become very rare. latest bobcat sighting feb 1,2011. sighted wildlife includes - coyote - porcupine - lynx - bobcat - cougar - black bear - moose - deer - martin - weasel - raccoon - rabbit -owl - bald eagle - raven - crow - grouse - many species of birds large and small - northern & northwestern salamanders - garter snake - bullfrog - chipmunk - squirrel - flying squirrel - pack rat - mice - shrew - several species of fish in creek - insects etc bobcat native wildlife corridor backyard village pemberton bc canada river stream creek fish crown land conservation future nature natural environment ecology cat disappearing indigenous species habitat risk
fish creek provincial park calgary 2007 brief video clip at fish creek provincial park in calgary, alberta, canada (july 1, 2007). fish creek provincial park calgary alberta canada
king fish fire limbo at caribbean days fest 2008 n. vancouver clifford palmer, aka king fish, performing the fire limbo at caribbean days festival 2008. presented by trinidad & tobago cultural society of bc. waterfront park, north vancouver, bc, canada. day 2/july 27 2008.    king fish fire limbo spectacular      caribbean days festival, north vancouver      mc: michelle deabreu    2008 jamaican fire flaming limbo dancer king fish canada north vancouver caribbean festival fest multicultural lonsdale quay dance       
feaston at purdy's fish market feast on - a certified taste of ontario is for locals and travellers alike that seek out authentic "tastes of place" when travelling.   many of the feast on restaurants and chefs proudly prepare purdy's fish for the menu. with docks in point edward, port franks and grand bend, purdys has a thriving business that has spanned over a century of time and four generations of family and is still going strong. every weekday morning since the turn of the 20th century, the purdy family has fished the waters of lake huron!  a visit to their fish market is a great addition to your ontario culinary adventure - create your own taste of place experience   share this video   visit purdy's fish market  fisheries fish lake fish fresh fish fish market ontario grand bend sarnia lake huron ontario travel culinary foodie culinary tourist feast on travel in ontario travel ontario places to visit in ontario things to do in ontario ontario tourism ontario map canadian holidays weekend getaways canada (country) food feaston at purdy's fish market feaston #feaston prudys purdys
jet landing at masset, queen charlotte islands boeing 737 jet maiden flight lands at masset airport, queen charlotte islands.  video by archie stocker adventure destination travel log
hells gate, fraser canyon, bc canada i took the cable car across hell's gate, a rather dangerous section of the fraser river. fish "ladders" had to be installed so the salmon could continue their run up the fraser.    hell's gate  fraser canyon  british columbia  canada hell's gate fraser canyon mountain canada british columbia bc fraser river fraser valley salmon run fish ladder rapids bridge vancouver tourism water cable car gondola
fish and sphinx: illustrations by rae bridgman it's a very fishy tale...    wil wychwood's magical medallion weighs heavily on him. for once, he would like to live a normal life. tired of bearing the burden of the serpent's chain secret society, he plans to toss the medallion into the rising river waters. but when the mists reveal a new mystery, cousins wil and sophie tumble into the secret realm of catfysh, the spirit of the river, and a plot to destroy the most magical building in canada.    in this adventure, the world of magical middlegate intersects with the manitoba legislature - the palace of the blazing star - where stone sphinxes, bison, lions, snakes and goddesses protect an ancient mystery. cousins wil and sophie follow secret signs, decode cryptic messages, and work to solve a riddle to unleash powerful allies locked in stone. but even if they succeed, will they ever escape from the trials of the ancient medallion? and what will be the cost of their secrets and lies? [book iii of the middlegate books:  fantasy magic adventure mystery kids book illustrations fish rae bridgman winnipeg manitoba legislative building legislature middlegate canada
vacances essipit: pourvoirie du club claire et chalets la pourvoirie du club claire est un site paisible et enchanteur  dcouvrir. son vaste territoire vallonn de 81,5 km2 au cur du territoire innu compte une vingtaine de lacs naturels pour la pche  la truite mouchete indigne. la pche ainsi que la chasse au petit et gros gibier en randonne pdestre y sont particulirement agrables en raison du terrain montagneux. en pleine nature et  proximit des services, le site procure confort et scurit aux usagers. chaque groupe de pcheurs profite de lexclusivit dun plan deau pour une activit de pche mmorable.profitez du confort de nos chalets qui possdent une vranda avec moustiquaire. le territoire au relief montagneux est idal pour la randonne pdestre en fort et les activits de plein air. essipit quebec (location) cottages outfitters pourvoirie location chalets chalet  louer pourvoirie chasse chalets pourvoirie locations vacances tourisme lacs pche cottages outfitter lakes fish qubec canada
vacances essipit: domaine du lac bernier et chalet (n 7 / ben) le chalet ben d'une capacit de 12 personnes est quip d'une cuisinire, d'un rfrigrateur et de l'clairage le tout aliment au propane, le chalet dispose aussi d'un pole  bois et de toilette intrieure. cest  son grand lac de 3 kilomtres de longueur que la pourvoirie du domaine du lac bernier doit sa solide rputation. hritage des terres ancestrales innues, le lac bernier offre tous les avantages dune pche sportive dans un dcor majestueux. la truite mouchete indigne sy retrouve en abondance durant la saison. on y pratique aussi diffrentes activits telles que la chasse au petit et au gros gibier, le kayak, le pdalo et la baignade. les 3 chalets confortables et intimes contribuent au charme naturel de la pourvoirie. essipit quebec (location) pourvoirie cottages location chalets chalet  louer cottages outfitters chalets pourvoirie cottages outfitter locations lakes lacs pche fish qubec canada vacances holidays
vacances essipit: domaine du lac bernier et chalet (n 7 / ben) le chalet ben sur le domaine du lac bernier  40 minutes de essipit peut accueillir 12 personnes. cest  son grand lac de 3 kilomtres de longueur que la pourvoirie du domaine du lac bernier doit sa solide rputation. hritage des terres ancestrales innues, le lac bernier offre tous les avantages dune pche sportive dans un dcor majestueux. la truite mouchete indigne sy retrouve en abondance durant la saison. on y pratique aussi diffrentes activits telles que la chasse au petit et au gros gibier, le kayak, le pdalo et la baignade. les 3 chalets confortables et intimes contribuent au charme naturel de la pourvoirie. essipit quebec (location) pourvoirie outfitters location chalets chalet  louer cottages chalet canada chalets vacances cottages holidays lacs lakes pche poisson fish qubec canada outfitter tourisme tourism nature
vacances essipit: pourvoirie du club claire et chalet (n 1 / shipu) le chalet shipu dans la pourvoirie club claire peut accueillir 6 personnes. la pourvoirie du club claire est un site paisible et enchanteur  dcouvrir. son vaste territoire vallonn de 81,5 km2 au cur du territoire innu compte une vingtaine de lacs naturels pour la pche  la truite mouchete indigne. la pche ainsi que la chasse au petit et gros gibier en randonne pdestre y sont particulirement agrables en raison du terrain montagneux. en pleine nature et  proximit des services, le site procure confort et scurit aux usagers. chaque groupe de pcheurs profite de lexclusivit dun plan deau pour une activit de pche mmorable. profitez du confort de nos chalets qui possdent une vranda avec moustiquaire. pourvoirie essipit quebec (location) location chalet chalet  louer cottages outfitters pourvoirie chasse chalets pourvoirie lacs pche essipit vacances cottages outfitter lakes fish
chocolay cottage lovely 1920s era cottage on a river that feeds into nearby lake superior, just outside of marquette, michigan-- sorry, it is no longer available for rent. upper peninsula marquette michigan fish hunt snowmobile ski swim bird nature abounds!
shore lunch, ontario (mclaughlin) my brother and i eating a freshly breaded walleye meal at a secret lake in canada. fish food canada eat lake boat family nature
7 26 13 pse fish truck baker lake pse fish truck dumping a load of sockeye salmon into baker lake at the swift creek boat launch. sockeye salmon fish fish truck baker lake swift creek
saskatchewan graveyard cemetery video #2 fish creek sk series of videos filming every tombstone in a particular graveyard and cemetery of an old church in central ukranian saskatchewan.  videos filmed by terry hoknes at hoknes@hotmail.com - please contact me if you would like to help piece together genealogy of the area.   anyone have relatives with last name of mylymok / melymok / melmock / samborski or woloshyn or woloshzn or gruza or yrchuk or yurchak or yurchnak or slywchuk or breton or hallischuk or gayowski or chandler or yuzdepski or stevenson or husak or tyshynski or larose or leibrecht or yuzik or dubyk that their relatives came from the areas of cudworth or alvena or vonda or prud'homme or fish creek ? - i"m looking for relatives   contact me terry at hoknes@hotmail.com (306) 270-9387 in saskatoon with any information or just to discuss these videos and photos. saskatchewan graveyard cemetery video #2 fish creek sk
explore canada seton lake is located at the town of lilooet, british columbia, about 22km long and 243m in elevation. its depth is 1500 feet.  #westcoast #bc #canada #drone  it took 4.5 hrs of driving from vancouver but it was totally worth it. dji imovie seton lake bc lake canada drone dji phantom phantom 3 bc lake rivers landscape beatiful bc exploring bc visting vancouver vancouver exploring experience clear water awsome prefect view perfect place bbq enjoying friends bc friends road trip bc roadtrip vancouver roadtrip driving lilooet whistler squamish trees highway 99 hwy gopro train train tracks boat fish swimming
worst hell-hole on earth 09 - the alberta tar sands - flying into a thunder storm.   (anthony marr -  since water in vast quantities has to be drawn from the athabasca river, the processing plants have to be near the river, and thus their toxins-laden (esp. pahs) tailing "ponds".  the water of the river and the athabasca lake is so toxic that their fish are deformed, and moose meat is inedible. the native peoples feeding on them have developed sky-high cancer rates.  and dr. o'conner, who reported this, could have his medical license revoked for his whistle-blowing. anthony marr animal rights conference alberta tar sands heal planet earth global warming climate change wildlife mass extinction endangered species pollution toxic toxins cancer carcinogen green energy fossil fuels oil company election palin obama mccain mining fish native people rape nature carbon tax democrat republican arctic ice melt permafrost methane catastrophe disaster apocalypse armageddon hell
sea worm some kind of worm/caterpillar found in sept-iles in quebec, canada. if anyone knows what this is, please post it out. weird worm caterpillar sea quebec sept-iles fish
connectivity - the restoration of 40 mile creek the 40 mile creek dam once supplied banff with drinking water and water to fight fires. located between the two entrances to town, it was built in 1946, but hadn't been used as a water source since the mid-1980s. this project involved a partial removal of the dam structure to allow the water to flow freely, and removal of some exposed pipes.   the dam was decommissioned in may 2014. it was a joint project by the town of banff and parks canada with funding from the province of alberta.  banff national park banff events in banff travel national park canada dam dams deconstruction history river 40 mile creek connectivity the restoration of 40 mile creek connectivity park decommissioning fish underwater town of banff
jeff & brenda lee lutz invade polynesia...bora bora will never be the same! the griswolds could not have left a wider swath of destruction!!! this, our first youtube vid, was taped april 6-13, 2012. most of it, including the fish "feeding frenzy" (ar, ar), was shot snorkeling under our bungalow no. 109 at le maitai resort. jeff kayaked to the sofitel private motu's coral gardens and did the rest there. dunno where the stingray footage went. the gopro hero hd2 with a blurfix adapter and urpro's swcy filter did well in both clear and murky water. hd quality takes a big hit in moviemaker and is also degraded in the upload. we have been spoiled by the canon vixia hv40, which basically allows us to burn the raw video straight to blu-ray. great cover tunes were chosen as a soundtrack but due to copyright infringement we utilized stuff jeff had put down previously, mostly original tracks. a shout out to the great folks we met there...the chicagoans / serbians / sicilians and  albertans. the le maitai staff are amazingly nice. this is a very special island and we will never forget it. go winnipeg jets and saskatchewan roughriders! tahiti bora south pacific underwater overwater snorkeling angelfish swimming video photography romance sun maitai sofitel coral tropical fish gopro hero hd2 blurfix urpro swcy motu tropics feeding frenzy kayak vacation holiday kayaking
crossing the jackfish creek northstar trail manitoba the jackfish creek has washed out part of the north star trail. i was running the gopro while people were crossing   remember to check out my other videos and like, share and subscribe!!  radmacks quad atv off road trail trails ride riding 4x4 arctic cat polaris water mud crossing stuck creek jackfish jack fish northstar north star manitoba belair traverse bay grand beach forest yamaha
ripley's aquarium of canada tour!!!! (fish murder too!!!) toronto, ontario we tour ripley's aquarium of canada in toronto, ontario for the first time! and see a fish get murdered...check it out!  ***subscribe (if you want...i can't tell you how to live your life)*** mike's twitter  mike's instagram  periscope: mike karschti snapchat: mikekarschti ps. for those wondering how to pronounce my last name: car-sh-tee  ripley's aquarium of canada is a public aquarium in toronto, ontario. the aquarium is one of three aquariums owned and operated by ripley entertainment. it is located in downtown toronto, just southeast of the cn tower. the aquarium features several aquatic exhibits including a walk-through tank. the aquarium has 5.7 million litres (1.5 million gallons) of marine and freshwater habitats from across the world. the exhibits hold 13,500 exotic sea and freshwater specimens from more than 450 species. a ripley's aquarium was originally planned in 2004 to be built in niagara falls, ontario[2] next to what is now great wolf lodge around 2007, but plans fell through and ripley's eventually relocated to toronto.[3] construction began on the attraction in august 2011 with a final cost approaching c$130 million. the aquarium opened to the public in october 2013.  the project was a partnership with three levels of government. the federal government's canada lands company contributed $10 million to the project to develop the "john street corridor" linking front street with the aquarium, the cn tower and the rogers centre. the government of ontario contributed $11 million to the project, and the city of toronto provided property-tax incentives amounting to between $8 million and $12 million over the first twelve years of the aquarium.  ripley's aquarium has been the target of animal liberation groups such as tara (toronto aquarium resistance) and mad (marineland animal defence), which claim animal captivity is synonymous with animal abuse and regularly conduct protests and demonstrations at the facility. prominent animal conservationist bob timmons has also publicly spoken out against ripley aquarium's capture of endangered tiger sharks. the aquarium holds 5.7 million litres (1.5 million gallons) of water and shows marine and freshwater habitats from around the world.[7] the aquarium is organized into nine galleries: canadian waters, rainbow reef, dangerous lagoon, discovery centre, the gallery, ray bay, planet jellies, life support systems and the shoreline gallery. it is home to 16,000 animals.  the canadian waters exhibit features animals from all the bodies of water surrounding the country. the gallery has 17 habitats. some animals featured in this exhibit include: alewife, largemouth bass, american lobster, wolf eel, lump fish, giant pacific octopus, china rockfish the rainbow reef features animals from the indo-pacific water regions and is the most colourful gallery in the exhibit, hence its name. some of the species in this exhibit include: picasso triggerfish, humbug dascyllus, emperor angelfish, pajama cardinalfish, unicorn surgeonfish. the exhibit also features an interactive dive show.  the dangerous lagoon is an underwater tunnel with a moving side walk, which is the aquarium's largest tank. some of the featured animals in this exhibit are: sand tiger shark, sandbar shark, roughtail stingray, green sawfish, green sea turtles. the discovery centre features various hands-on activities such as underwater viewing bubbles, a pop-up research submarine and a touch pool which allows visitors to touch living fossils. discovery centre inhabitants include: clownfish, palette surgeonfish, horseshoe crab, guineafowl puffer. the touch exhibits give visitors the opportunity to touch the skins of various animals like sharks and sting-rays with the help of aquarium employees. this gallery is home to whitespotted bamboo sharks, brownbanded bamboo sharks, southern stingray, cownose rays. the gallery exhibit, also known as mother nature's art gallery, features some of the most delicate underwater species from all over the world. this exhibit features the red lionfish, electric eel, lined seahorse, weedy sea dragon and the archerfish. this exhibit features six salt water and three fresh water exhibits. the planet jellies exhibit has colour changing displays with five species of jellyfish. these include: pacific sea nettle, moon jelly, spotted jelly, and upside-down jelly. the ray bay exhibit is focused around three distinct species of stingrays. occasionally visitors can see aquarium divers feeding the stingrays during their daily interactive dive shows. some of the inhabitants of this exhibit include the bonnethead shark, cownose ray, and the southern stingray.  the life support system gives visitors a behind the scenes look at the aquariums life support systems room. the building features the largest life support systems room of ripleys three aquariums. this gallery features equipment for dangerous reef and ray bay. ripley's aquarium toronto ripley's aquarium ripley's aquarium toronto sharks toronto ontario vlog toronto vlog toronto aquarium ripley's toronto toronto ripley's aquarium ripley's aquarium toronto tour tour ripley's aquarium toronto 2016 cn tower rogers centre skydome aquarium toronto toronto attractions ripley's believe it or not shark tunnel ripley's aquarium tickets eaten death shark killed fish
fillet y bones out of a pike part 2 tossdart shows how to remove y bones from a pike fish processing fishing out (magazine) esox northern pike lake fly catch cooking urban survival survival eat food eating urban area camping summer bushcraft fun holiday weekend family outdoor travel
leaving for home from a stocked trout lake near calabogie, on after spending the night at this lake near clabogie, on, we headed home.  this resulted in us having to go uphill on the trail we came in on.  this ended up being slightly more difficult than it was coming in and we got stuck a couple of times.  regardless, i'm pretty happy with the performance of the santa fe. off road off-road stuck mud truck suv cuv santa fe santafe calabogie trout fishing fish camo camping onatrio on hyundai 2011 4x4 four-wheel drive (driveline)
timmins cliff jumping another cliff jump same location everyones cring about june 2009 timmins 021
nutcracker in alaska - sitka ballet this is from a dress rehearsal for the december 2th,3th and 4th shows of the nutcracker with an alaskan twist.  the children are herring which the fisherman is trying to catch. nutcracker alaska sitka herring fisherman fishing boat fish khevron sea ballet
catching tadpoles kids catching tadpoles in a pond. (tadpoles were put back into the pond afterwards.) catching tadpoles pond catch water kids fun frogs fish water bug nature tadpole fishing princess home video outdoors river lake hiking swimming
extrem trip kanada & alaska grizzlies & lachs angeln & goldsuche, backpacking anne und bunki auf der suche nach einem typischen bild: der grizzly br beim lachsfang! whrend bunki viele lachse fngt, versucht anne doch noch etwas gold zu finden. aber ob das klappt?  anne and bunki are looking for grizzly bears which are catching salmon out of a river. but it's not that easy like it seemed at the beginning of their long journey. while bunki is catching some salmon himself, anna tries to find some gold. but she needs help with that. alaska (us state) canada (country) grizzly bear (animal) salmon fishing roadtrip mosquito (animal) haines city (city/town/village) hyder alaska camping outdoor holiday fun summer reise kanada lachs angeln anne und bunki backpacker rucksackreisen russian river (river) gold goldpanning adventure landscape dempster highway (road) yukon (canadian territory) travel nature destination culture tourism fish goldrush dawson city (city/town/village) guide
pche au saumon rivire romaine 3 juillet 2009 pche aux grands saumons 20090703 180459
pt2- on the water with eric: the canadian filleting method visit our community:    your virtual lifestyle community    watch part 1 of this video on youtube:      eric knudsen shows you how to use the canadian fillet method to clean fish, keeping waste to a minimum, resulting in delicious boneless filets. for eric's complete video series, check out our video center at ecountrylifestyle.com ecountrylifestyle.com how to video canadian method fishing fish recipes cleaning filleting angler filet country calico bass black crappie boneless eric knudsen
boat recovery! recovering my fathers washed up boat from an island.  contains royalty free music from  boat recovery lobster urchin sea food fish scallop vessel fishing lubec maine bay cruise sailing ocean water islands marine yacht boats royal ships seas port under navy pirate deep caribbean ferry pacific harbor marina atlantic uss titanic sinking harbour maritime insurance salvage towing ship yacht underwater scrap yard cleaning service
gopro grizzly & kodiak trail riding with a twist.....or is that with the fish? out for some more weekend riding on the yamahas. on the second day, we took a ride up the larson lake road. on one spot, a lake along the road was backed up and their were fish swimming right on the trail!! too bad we didn't have a fishing pole with us! gopro yamaha grizzly 700 kodiak 450 eps cubbeezx dryden ontario canada atv off-road quad mud fish fishing quadding trails wild
how to smoke trout smoking trout - smoked trout recipe  how to prepare ,brine and smoke fish. recipe, smoked fish,  big chief smoker.   background music by kevin mcleod incompetech.com folk around by kevin mcleod -   wdzenia ryb         tupakointi kala    rauchen fisch         peces de fumar  smoked trout smoked fish smoker cooking fishing rainbow trout recipe catch & release tupakointi kala rauchen fisch peces de fumar vame ryb uzen ryb kche fisch cucina di pesce food smoking (cooking) kitchen health helwigs fish market dunkirk ny chef cook whirefish brine prepare smoking wood big chief best fish steelhead salmon trout fly smoked salmon catch smoked trout
alaska pink salmon filleting tips just caught this 30 min. earlier.  i was pretty careless with the knife but have been doing this all week for over 25 salmon i caught down on the beach.  my brother-in-law dick flegel is an alaskan native and he showed me how to do this. fillet tips salmon pink alaska haines filleting cutting fish cleaning beach how to eggs cooking baking vacation eating roe caviar juneau southeast alaska fishing deboning fish guts travel food fish (food) kitchen recipe cook cook (profession) restaurant recipes cooking show sharp knife knife butterflying slicing howto dinner scaling summertime summer ocean chilkat river chilkoot river harbor home movie big fish method smoked caviar preparing
smoking fish fish preparation smoking fish fire outdoors campfire camping brine sockeye fishing outdoor
keewaydin temagami gowganda2 2008 paddle in keewaydin temagami gowganda2 section paddle-in at the end of summer 2008. keewaydin temagami gowganda 2008
an evening at lunge lodge hd with the new light posts and docks, the entire camp at lunge lodge looks a little different at night. fishing fish canada river lodge lunge french ontario walleye muskie musky muskelunge bass smallmouth largemouth pike northern north upper
wesleyville, newfoundland wesleyville, bonavista bay, newfoundland, canada wesleyville newfoundland canada bonavista bay new-wes-valley atlantic ocean photography nl nfld nf community town historic island lobster pots stage sailing islands boat marine water boats history coast coastal sea fishery fishing fish
starving ocean - with debbie mackenzie and farley mowat in 2004, 20 years after a "deathly silent" response to farley mowat's "sea of slaughter" (  ), my own observations on worrisome, visible changes in marine life - and on deficiencies in accepted fisheries science  - became the subject of this short television documentary on the "starving ocean". farley was also interviewed in this piece, and he gave his views on why i was then being "frozen out" by the scientific establishment.    this show was produced by cbc and financed by canadian taxpayers, including me. starving ocean land and sea debbie mackenzie farley mowat fish fishing whaling sealing marine ecosystem nutrient cycling biological forcing primary productivity physical disability
king of the outhouse - le roi de la bcosse we were on a fishing trip when an unexpected visitor was taking way too much time in the outhouse.  nous tions dans un voyage de pche quand un visiteur inattendu prenait beaucoup trop de temps dans les bcosses ! livre lapin jackrabbit hare funny outhouse bcosse hares chasse pche hunting fishing fish
fried trout with tartar sauce cooked over the campfire!    that's right all the dishes on the channel are cooked over the campfire! hope you enjoy our recipes. please feel free to leave comments, questions and requests!  more videos to come...i  know this one is a little long but cut me some slack it's my first go at it!     check out my other channels.         -for vlogs and camping fun      -for outdoor product reviews, fishing tips and funny clips   also,  we are on facebook!      and lindsay's on twitter!      look us up, we'd love to get to know you!    tartar sauce  3 tbls of mayo  1 tbls of sweet relish  pinch of dill  a little squeeze of lemon juice    trout fry  pieces of fresh fish  egg  club house fish fry batter mix    intro music by:kevin macleod (incompetech.com) licensed under creative commons "attribution 3.0"  cookingoncampfire cookingoncampfire fish fry fishing cuttrout trout rainbow fried cooking cook campfirecooking campfire chef flame broiled yummy tasty tastey delicious mmm tartar sauce show food recipe outdoor kitchen camp outdoors restaurant recipes bbq meat camping chicken summer fun weekend lake
newfoundland, grand bank, canada newfoundland, grand bank, canada newfoundland newfoundland and labrador canada grand bank grand banks photography burin peninsula atlantic ocean fortune bay nl nf nfld travel tourism outdoors cape cove beach hiking climbing off road fisherman's memorial tour widow's walk heritage john burke sea fishery culture houses fishing east coast province nature farmer's hill brook bridge harbour harbor lighthouse boat sailing admiral's cove coastal fish fish plant history historic cottage hospital toronto
walleye worth a thousand.wmv this is a nice mild recipe that will accent any fish but works quite well with pickeral / walleye . easy meals . 3/4 heat  3 tsp margerine or butter sear one or both sides  1/2 cup water after seared 1/2 lemon or free pour 2 times around pan sprinkle  garlic plus -or- mrs.dash entire fish moderately  reduce water to 1/2 visual entire coverage of fish with thousand island dressing  till bubble shape stays open on edges  serve & enjoy cooking walleye recipes pickeral northern pike trout lake fish bottom feeders perch pan fish kitchen restaurant thousand island garlic plus lemon juice recipes recipe (literature subject)easy fast meal diet cooking food fishing
finding nemo fish tank at aquarium du qubec finding nemo fish display at aquarium du qubec. they had all the fishes from the movie "finding nemo" fish finding nemo fishing aquarium water nemo finding find wave color colour yellow green blue red pink purple rocks rock fun happy plants quebec city montreal canada province area bay
smokin' fish official trailer for more information, to buy a dvd, or to contact the film makers go to:  smokinfishmovie.com    cory mann is a quirky tlingit businessman hustling to make a dollar in juneau alaska.  he gets hungry for smoked salmon, nostalgic for his childhood, and decides to spend a summer smoking fish at his family's traditional fish camp. the unusual story of his life and the untold history of his people interweave with the process of preparing traditional food as he struggles to pay his bills, keep the irs off his back, and keep his business afloat.  by turns tragic, bizarre, or just plain ridiculous, smokin' fish, tells the story of one man's attempts to navigate the messy zone of collision between the modern world and an ancient culture. indian native american tlingit art north west coast alaska fishing identity documentary film trailer hip hop salmon river canoe klukwan hiphop subsistence rez fish nature eagle bear raven business import importing native art work stories and legends oral history women adoption culture anthropology tribe indigenous indigenous peoples
polar tip up --tips & tricks.wmv just some info that i`ve found over the years that helps set up a polar tip up for catching more fish ice fishing .  this is what the loops for on the ice fishing rig ! polar tip- ups ice- fishing ice cold weather tips tricks fish lake northern pike water fishing- tackle rig snow winter angling trout perch panfish auger winter sports
boat cleaning, first vid i talk a little bit about the channel and do a little boat cleaning preparation for tomorrow. boat fish fishing rod reel lure 1rod1reel jonb apbassin yolobassin tracker mercury
life as i see it - my view from coastal down east maine life as i see it - my view from coastal down east maine by dan daley. it's simple, spend some quality time outdoors in our beautiful state and enjoy what nature provides.  ps: get yourself a hammock and relax. please share, like, comment, and subscribe.  thanks. down east life maine (us state) coast bald eagle bird seals harbor harbor seals ocean birds beach fox red fox nature natural blue duck waves relaxing sky atlantic ocean (geographical feature) rocks hammock hunting fishing fish mackerel eastport (city/town/village) calais robbinston perry cove lobster sunset peaceful hd hidef play cute vid dan daley daley sea shell clouds boat sail cruise sailing water eagle prey north woods law animal planet north woods law animal planet
when god discards bad fish in this message pastor john examines jesus parable of the net. does god really discard bad fish? how do you know if youre one of them?  once again [jesus said], the kingdom of heaven is like a net that was let down into the lake and caught all kinds of fish. when it was full, the fishermen pulled it up on the shore. then they sat down and collected the good fish in baskets, but threw the bad away. this is how it will be at the end of the age. the angels will come and separate the wicked from the righteous and throw them into the blazing furnace, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth. have you understood all these things? jesus asked. yes, they replied. matthew 13:47-51, niv  for this peoples heart has become calloused;they hardly hear with their ears,and they have closed their eyes. otherwise they might see with their eyes,hear with their ears,understand with their hearts and turn, and i would heal them. jesus in matthew 13:15, niv  the lord is not slow in keeping his promise, as some understand slowness. instead he is patient with you, not wanting anyone to perish, but everyone to come to repentance. 2 peter 3:9, niv images payallarfishing by - ozgurmulazimoglu. licensed under creative commons attribution 3.0 via wikimedia commons.   pastor john van sloten facebook  twitter  blog  net netting fish fishing bad parable matthew 13 christ jesus god church new hope john van sloten gospel
awesome cheesy northern pike recipe .wmv this is a delicious new recipe for cooking northern pike       or any fish --- easy to do has an unbelievably great taste --it changed my views on lake sharks,   ---awesome flavor ---wow !     recipe below     turning fish is not nessessary steam will cook right thru  2-4 northern pike or desired fish  trout add ingredients sooner trout is a fast fry fish  if fish is still dry after 1 min with lid   add 1/2  cup water  2-3 tsp of margerine  good sprinkle of garlic plus or mrs dash seasoning  good sprinkle of cajun spice -this is not a hot seasoning add spice ingred.while theres water in pan ---cook 4--5 min then  add lemon juice  3tbls  from bottle or 1/2 lemon squeezed  just before waters gone when it turns to a rue or sauce add cheese puffs  and serve right away . ((((((((((   enjoy bigtime   ))))))))))) northern pike recipe fishing cooking food kitchen cajun spice cheese puff treats flavor restaurant lake fish pickeral perch whitefish home made hand made catch awesome flavor fish (food) northern pike (organism classification) delicious home made northern pike recipe
our flyout - kasba lake lodge to kazan river - take off we did a fly out to the kazan river from the kasba lake lodge. it was a fantastic experience. we caught so many trophy arctic grayling. sballot steven ballot kasba lake lodge canada fishing northern pike arctic grayling lake trout fish
by the bicycle around fish creek park & glenmore lake (calgary - canada)  canada calgary fish creek bike mountain downtown lake park beaver riding sport summer ride biking around toronto fishing bicycle
cheesy garlic cajun perch  .wmv i put together another recipe for perch this time it turned out super again ---- give it a try it works on alot of different species.                ((((( use northern pike recipe for fattier species, oh wow it`s good . )))))                      lake perch meal cuisine northern pike fishing food detroit cooking catch rapids bass river trout salmon kitchen carp cheesy garlic cajun perch recipe recipe restaurant easy meals fish recipes plus spice
filleting a pike & removing y bones part 1 tossdart shows how to remove y bones from a pike.  my motor failed & i had to drag boat through duck mud & water to my neck so hense paper in house.  all work & no play. fish processing eat food cooking fishing eating kitchen lake fly catch recipe restaurant rapids fun family weekend holiday summer camping survival urban survival fillet outdoor fillet pike y bones travel tent cabin
cooking small fish in the oven (smelt) hd the easiest way to cook small fish like sardines, smelt, herring.....my blog  flipshare flip ultra hd cooking smelt fish small canada canadian kitchen french acadian new brunswick february 2010 oven easy tip how to ice fishing
dundas island  finding coral expedition dive sites deep sea corals red tree dundas ocean floor living oceans society
minecraft: attack of the b-team - episode 15 - "fishing trip" this time in minecraft attack of the b-team, tyan and kevkand go on a relaxing fishing trip!  minecraft attack of the b-team is a minecraft modpack that adds in a whole host of mods and additions to the minecraft game! attack of the b-team includes many science themed mods, all wonderfully weaved into the attack of the b-team modpack!   subscribe for more minecraft attack of the b-team!    download minecraft attack of the b-team:    tynecraft store!   thank you for watching this episode of minecraft attack of the b-team! be sure to leave a like! :d tynecraft minecraft minecraft (award-winning work) attack of the b-team minecraft attack of the b-team attack attack of the minecraft attack minecraft attack of the b team b team b-team minecraft modded survival modded survival survival minecraft multiplayer multiplayer minecraft multiplayer survival minecraft modded multiplayer survival
up the hill at beaver mines part 1 jeep jeep. no hate. just enjoy the scenery, img 1304
let's go fishing game! family game night fun surprise toys challenge with spidey & kids world fishing game toy playset for kids - let's go fishing | kids world  hello, katie welcomes all of you to kids world toys channel. today, i have a new toy box " fishing game toy for kids playset ". let's unbox this and play together.  thanks for the mother , the little friend was visiting kids world channel - world please support our children by register , like & share video of our facebook , google + , twitter ....  please share on facebook & twitter :   ng k - subscribe:   thanks for watching this video !  watch more videos like this one here:  animal toys for duck duck lay an egg:   fishing game toy playset for kids:  kids world the gioi tre tho fishing game let's go fishing let's go fishing game family fun night family game night fun family kids kids game preschool game paw patrol mashems surprise toys toys nemo fish fish bowl hello kitty clown board game board game kids game challenge paw patrol mashems fish game ocean water toy review travel games disneycartoys disneycartoys family let's go fishin'
elf on the shelf - goes fishing in our bathroom we found our elves sitting on the sink in the bathroom fishing for some goldfish fish which were looking a little bloated. _________________________________________________________________  the elf tradition  have you ever wondered how santa knows who is naughty and who is nice? the elf on the shelf -- a christmas tradition is the very special tool that helps santa know who to put on the naughty and nice list. this interactive holiday hide-and-seek tradition is perfect for children and families of all ages.  for more in on elf on the shelf check out their web site:    _________________________________________________________________  too keep up with the latest and greatest feel free to follow me.  follow me on twitter, facebook and google+!          steam, origin, psn id: dmagnusv  feel free to add me! xmas christmas merry christmas elf elf tradition elf ideas holiday elf xmas prank elf on shelf christmas prank bad elf elf on a shelf the elf on the shelf (book) elf on the shelf ideas reaction video gold fish fishing fishing in the bathroom elf fishing
cruising alaska alaska alaska (us state) tourist destination
sheep river kayak adventures a short video of two kayakers on the sheep river, alberta, canada sheep river (river)
disney's moana - maui & moana gone fishing, never before seen bonus movie clip! (vaiana) - best new hi guys! today will we be taking a look at disney's moana - maui & moana go fishing, never before seen bonus movie clip disney's moana - maui & moana go fishing never before seen bonus movie clip moana new movie scenes moana full movie moana funny moments moana best moments moana movie clip moana water moana trailer moana soundtrack moana music moana the crab
mchappy2010.wmv the end of the mc happy day for flin flon. mchappy2010
balm at the end of the trail............... two harbors ukulele group minnesota gunflint trail halcyonuke
ark building tutorial :: the swamp cabin :: fishing house boat :: the island map :: unitetheclans this build was inspired by the swamp cabin, an illustration by jules gaillard. check it out:   this is an ark building tutorial for a fishing boat house, in this video we're parked by a swamp waterfall on the island. the houseboat is made primarily of stone and wooden building pieces, with greenhouse glass walls and windows.  if you build this, tweet at me!   follow my build guide tumblr  - - - - -  music handyman's lament - josh woodward (cc by 3.0)  - - - - -  useful links and information! ark: survival evolved on steam  ark: survival evolved's policy  ark: survival evolved on wikipedia  ark: survival evolved wiki   studio wildcard's website  - - - - -   ark: survival evolved game info i play the game on pc, where it is currently part of steam's early access program. ark is marketed as the definitive online dinosaur survival experience. as a man or woman stranded naked, freezing & starving on a mysterious island, you must hunt, harvest, craft items, grow crops, & build shelters to survive.  use skill & cunning to kill, tame, breed, & ride dinosaurs & primeval creatures living on ark, and team up with hundreds of players or play locally! use your cunning and resources to kill or tame & breed the leviathan dinosaurs and other primeval creatures roaming the land, and team up with or prey on hundreds of other players to survive, dominate... and escape! dinosaurs, creatures, & breeding! -- over 50+ at early access start and 100+ planned for final release -- can be tamed using a challenging capture-&-affinity process, involving weakening a feral creature to knock it unconscious, and then nursing it back to health with appropriate food. once tamed, you can issue commands to your pet, which it may follow depending on how well youve tamed and trained it. pets, which can continue to level-up and consume food, can also carry inventory and equipment such as armor, carry prey back to your settlement depending on their strength, and larger pets can be ridden and directly controlled!  fly a pterodactyl over the snow-capped mountains, lift allies over enemy walls, race through the jungle with a pack of raptors, tromp through an enemy base along a gigantic brontosaurus, or chase down prey on the back of a raging t-rex! take part in a dynamic ecosystem life-cycle with its own predator & prey hierarchies, where you are just one creature among many species struggling for dominance and survival. pets can also be mated with the opposite gender, to selectively breed successive generations using a trait system based on recombinant genetic inheritance. this process includes both egg-based incubation and mammalian gestation lifecycles! or put more simply, breed & raise dino babies! by chopping down forests full of trees and mining metal and other precious resources, you can craft the parts to build massive multi-leveled structures composed of complex snap-linked parts, including ramps, beams, pillars, windows, doors, gates, remote gates, trapdoors, water pipes, faucets, generators, wires and all manner of electrical devices, and ladders among many other types. create a tribe and add your friends to it, and all your pets can be commanded by and allied to anyone in your tribe. your tribe will also be able to respawn at any of your home spawn points.  the mysterious ark is a formidable and imposing environment, composed of many natural and unnatural structures, above-ground, below-ground, and underwater. by fully exploring its secrets, youll find the most exotic procedurally randomized creatures and rare blueprints. ark cabin ark cabin build ark cabin building ark cabin house ark cabin house build ark cabin house building ark cabin house boat ark cabin houseboat ark houseboat ark houseboat build ark houseboat building ark house boat building ark swamp house ark swamp build ark swamp building ark swamp house building ark swamp house build ark building tutorial ark build guide ark building with unitetheclans ark building with utc ark house boat build ark swamp
animal crossing: rebooted - day #6: fishing tourney #1 (6/14/2015) our relationship with sable improves as we fish in the weekly competition. by the way, this fishing tourney is actually #2 or #3, but this is the first one in my series, so i considered it #1. ---------------------------- here's the link to my best frand and gaming partner's channel.   lebashfulbadger dylan animal crossing gamecube gcn ngc massive gc nintendo video game (industry) industry (organization sector) animal crossing: new leaf (award-winning work) new leaf city folk wild world animal crossing n64
north moresby trough  finding coral expedition dive sites deep sea corals plumose anenome north moresby gully ocean floor living oceans society
south west commercial-industrial-aerial views winnipeg  south west industrials
nolimit bait nolimit bait nolimit bait
songs of fishing boats at dusk (bamboo flute and zither) /  the music depicts hundreds and thoudands of hektare's lake. fisherfolk are in a comfortable life and the boats are driving to the distance.   songs of fishing boats at dusk: a typical classical koto music of  he nan. it is a sole koto music which has a board and deep impact since the third decade of 20th.  in 1938, lou shuhua used the old music gui qu laias the fodder and developed according to the characters of koto. he cited the sentence "songs of fishing boats at dusk" of wang bo's teng wang ge xuas its title. in the recent years, some people considered that this music was adapted by jin zhuonan from shan dong and based on the shuang ban and the anamorphosis of liu shui ji shi, er huan tao yue. however, lou shuhua only has a big improvement on music book and add the later part of the music. however, both parlances are not validated.  the beginning of the music is in a low pace and in elegance which depicts the picture of the setting sun shine on the lake. then, the tone is descending gradually and changing repeatedly. it adopts wusheng scale skill in order to display the interest of songs of fishing boats at dusk. then, the most distinctive characters of this music begin. it uses the ascending and descending repeatedly and at the same time quicken gradually. the music is up and down which displays the wave and the boat drives to the distance. this music is an excellent koto music and adapted into two-stringed chinese fiddle, koto duet and the sole of violin.       2030  1938""   song (composition type) dizi (musical instrument) guzheng (musical instrument)
fishing break - android gameplay fishing break by roofdog games (ios/android) please like and share to help my channel, thank you! subscribe my channel to view more best android games :  twitter:  facebook:   ----------------------  time for a fishing break! get on your boat and go on a fishing trip all around the world. catch big rare fish, upgrade your gear, and build your collection!  try it and get hooked :)  features: simple to play yet offers a nice challenge leaderboards for each fish to compete against your friends and the world achievements based on dubious puns 22 fishing spots in 8 gorgeous worlds hundreds of different fish (including sharks, wait until you see it!) over 200 special elemental fish (light, dark, grass, electric, fire and ice!) hours of relaxing fishing fun    download:  android games 2016 best android games new android games best android games 2016 new android games 2016 2016 android games android rpg 2016 fishing break
alberta v quebec tier i 1996 tier i provincial finals alberta rfu+quebec rfu
 minecraft 1.7 - new fishing mechanics and changes (pufferfish, clownfish, salmon) (#minecraft) in this minecraft 1.7 fishing preview, i'll be going over some of the new features and mechanics related to the upcoming fishing changes that will be occurring with minecraft 1.7.  at the time of this video, keep in mind that this is a development snapshot that is used so fishing mechanics can still change prior to the final release of minecraft 1.7.  first and foremost, there are 2 new enchantments that pertain to fishing. lure, and luck of the sea. one which gives you more of a chance to get something and another which increases the quantity of fish that you can hook around you, making it faster.  with fishing, there are now new particle effects that help you while you fish. bubbles will show up moving towards your lure right before you actually have something to fish out. this and this alone makes fishing much easier.  there are 3 new fish types. salmon (which can be cooked and eaten), clownfish, and pufferfish (which can be used to make a water breathing potion). note, do not eat the puffer fish. it will poison you, give you nausia, and hunger.  rewards have also changed as well. you can now receive enchanted fishing rods, damaged fishing rods, bows, enchanted books (and with enchanted books, i believe thats a bit of an overkill reward), name tags, tripwire, lillypads, waterbottles, saddles, rotten flesh, string, leather, bowls, sticks, boots, and undamaged boots.   join my growing audience!  website:   twitter:   twitter:   see me from the beginning:  minecraft 1.7 sneak preview -   the outro music (royalty free) (sped up by 25%)   minecraft fishing minecraft 1.7 fishing minecraft fishing changes minecraft clownfish minecraft fishing clownfish minecraft pufferfish minecraft salmon minecraft 1.7 pufferfish minecraft 1.7 salmon minecraft 1.7 clownfish minecraft 1.7 lure minecraft fishing nametags minecraft fishing saddles minecraft fishing books minecraft 1.7
megaman x playthrough ep.5 - deep sea fishing s.n.e.s classic let's play  mega man x (1993) episode five - deep sea fishing  down here, the bots are bigger. the battles are harder and the fish ... will eat you. the launch octopus is the last of your worries here. snes gaming walkthrough playthrough guide megaman megaman x lanyablo thelanyablo gameplay nintendo
let's play hey you pikachu part 3 ( hey you pikachu n64 gameplay ) - hungry caterpies & fishing let's play hey you pikachu! lindseys helps babysit some hungry caterpies and helps pikachu go fishing by yelling "reel it in" and other things that rhyme with that.  we're rocking some hey you pikachu gameplay for the nintendo 64 thanks to our good pal & patreon extraordinaire, inutsu! thanks so much for all your support inutsu :d i hope you enjoy our play date with pikachu!  our playthrough / walkthrough of hey you pikachu includes a whole lot of frustration, confusion, and silly pikachu hijinx. i think it was a pretty funny experience, and i'm glad to have been able to relive this nostalgia. the vru mic thingy seems to work ok. pikachu recognizes simple words that the game tells you to say. but sentences seem to go over his head. my hey you pikachu review: it's very entertaining for about an hour! after that, it seems to get a touch repetitive. i remember really wanting to try playing hey you pikachu again after pbg covered it on his peanutbuttergamer channel, and recently again when they did it on pg&jeff!  hey you, pikachu is a nintendo 64 video game developed by ambrella and published by nintendo.  the game features voice-recognition technology used to talk to pikachu, the star of the game. it is one of only two games that utilizes the n64's voice recognition unit (vru), a piece of hardware that can comprehend and analyze the human voice. it is also the only game to use the vru that was released in the united states. similar technology has been subsequently built into the nintendo ds and employed in gamecube games such as mario party 6. the player can move around and pick up items, in addition to speaking with pikachu and can describe everything.  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- big thanks to inutsu for supporting the show! check out his channel below!    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- thank you to our patreons for your support!   want support the show and become a part of the gameface family? check out our patreon page!       ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  twitter   facebook   tumblr  twitch    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  gameface intro/outro music from flapjack studios: tokyo tinkle composed by justin wiles.     ----------gamefacemax----------  you can get your gameface on by....   hitting that little like button if you enjoyed the video and would like to see more!  it helps a lot :) let's play hey you pikachu hey you pikachu part 1 hey you pikachu gameplay hey you pikachu walkthrough hey you pikachu review hey you pikachu impressions hey you pikachu lets play let's play hey you pikachu part 1 hey you pikachu playthrough hey you pikachu nintendo 64 hey you pikachu hey you pikachu n64 pikachu funny pikachu pikachu video game pokemon funny pokemon n64 pikachu n64
hiking trails of cape breton - cape breton highlands park: fishing cove the only wilderness camping sites in cape breton highlands national park are found in fishing cove, the site of an abandoned village. for many, the descent to the cove following fishing cove river is one of their favourite hikes.    this route is described in "hiking trails of nova scotia, 9th edition". nova scotia cove park cape breton highlands hiking trail
bernie is ready to go fishing in his new caravan!   bernie is from stavely, alberta. he worked for the md for many years and recently retired. sales associate, john cope has known bernie for many years through curling and golf. he has bought 4 grand caravan's over the years. bernie is a fisherman and uses the grand caravan to drive out to the coast to go fishing a couple of times a year with friends. it was time to trade his 2012 in on a new 2017. we figured out the options and colour he wanted.  we got a new 2017 dodge grand caravan sxt in for him. bernie said as usual a great experience. thanks bernie for doing business here legacy dodge claresholm. we really appreciate it.  legacy dodge claresholm 5202 - 1st street w claresholm, ab t0l 0t0 canada 1 (877) 939-3743 (403) 625 4555  dodge claresholm legacy dodge claresholm dodge dealer jeep dealer chrysler dealer ram dealer used dodge used ram used jeep claresholm car dealer used car dealer used truck dealer alberta dodge dealer
hurricane matthew - fishing for tractors and quads people from morrisville on the south coast are fishing for their tractor today after a raging flood moved through their town in the middle of the night. courtesy of tracey drew   subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador cbcnl hurricane matthew flooding morrisville weather nlwx
fishing reels for sale vancouver bc #fishing reels for sale vancouver bc# fishing reels for sale vancouver bc
weezer at rock the shores 2013: keep fishing  weezer perform 'keep fishing' live in concert at rock the shores at the fields of the juan de fuca recreation centre in victoria, bc (colwood) sunday july 14, 2013. music festival presented by atomique productions.   rock the shores:   audio courtesy the official bootleg available for $$9.95 vis digital download at weezer's official store:        video shot on a canon hf-s100 hd camcorder audio from soundboard audio from the official bootleg weezer keep fishing live in concert 2013 rock the shores juan de fuca recreation centre music festival victoria bc colwood bc atomique productions magmazing music
fishing tourney lady yen's first fishing tournament in animal crossing. animal crossing
how to be a pro at fishing!!!! hey youtube! today i am showing you how to be a pro at fishing! hope you enjoyed it! subscribe if your new!!!!!! 
cow moose and twin calves at cameron lake fishing lodges cow moose and her twin calves visit cameron lake fishing lodges on cameron lake, oba ontario. by angela chouinard cow moose twin calves northern ontario cameron lake fishing lodges canada
liquid mayhem unboxing! i ordered the "ultimate bass combination pack" from liquid mayhem:  i have been using these scents for about a year now and i love it.  they were nice enough to sponsor the ysu bass fishing team this year; and for that, we are extremely grateful! unboxing fishing unboxing fishing bass walleye scent no scent scent vs no scent liquid mayhem liquid mayhem no fish can resist ysu youngstown youngstown state bass fishing team bass team college fishing college ysu bass club club sponsor how to get sponsors
alaska 2007 fishing in angoon alaska fishing
california's industries: rivers of commerce presents the story of california's great river systems which function as avenues of commerce that supports shipping, logging, fishing, power production etc.  california california's industry industries logging power generation fishing shipping rivers columia sacramento san joaquin
juneau - alaska's wilderness capital city 3 1/2 minutes of great things to see and do in juneau, alaska's capital city. glaciers, humpback and killer whale watching, hiking, kayaking, ziplining, fishing, plus great food and shopping. juneau alaska juneau alaska capital city glaciers whales zipline salmon fishing
masha and the bear fly with balloons masha and dora   masha and dora lollipop colored tongue #funny story #rainbow rhymes in real life   masha and dora baby vomit #fart #funny story #rainbow rhymes in real life   masha and dora frog kiss #funny story #rainbow rhymes in real life   masha and dora ate too much m&m vs peppa pig jocker funny story in real life    masha and dora the bear's love story #funny story in real life   masha and dora compete fishing #angry #mean #funny story in real life   masha and dora makeup peppa pig hulk #sleep #funny story in real life    masha and dora makeup peppa pig hulk #sleep #funny story in real life    masha and dora crab bite #the beach #funny story in real life   thanks for watching !!! compete fishing angry mean rainbow rhymes funny story masha and dora masha cry dora cry masha dora peppa pig peppa pig rainbow rhymes finger family five little peppa jumping on the bed
hidden bay retreat admiralty island, southeastern alaska | united states discover your own private sanctuary unlike any other place on earth.  a destination so remarkable -- hummingbirds migrate thousands of miles each year to nest upon this natural haven.  perfectly centered between the conveniences of sitka and juneau in southeastern alaska, hidden bay awaits your discovery just three hours from major west coast cities. a personal retreat gently sited upon more than 45 acres (8 fee-simple lots) behold nearly a kilometer linear feet of private shorelines protected by a national monument that surrounds you.  enjoy majestic peaks, old growth forests and a leeward, deep water bay boasting a bounty of marine life within a temperate microclimate in the rain shadow of the coast mountain range.  outside, broad summer seasons and long days beget endless activity for family and friends: world-class yachting, sport fishing, hunting, hiking, sea kayaking and whale watching -- each is just moments from your doorstep.  inside, retreat each day to the epitome of comfort framed by knot-free, heartwood cedar, walls of glass and enduring materials -- reliably engineered for long term residential independence off the grid.  a calling to the restless adventurer seeking the ultimate in remote accommodation, hidden bay retreat is an irreplaceable opportunity to own the crowning jewel of the last frontier. alaska destination real estate realogics dean jones hidden bay hood bay seattle second home land fishing property yachting retreat real estate (industry) travel
compare review - ocean kayak caper vs necky looksha we did a two day portage & paddle trip and our friends at trail shop in halifax hooked us up with a couple of kayaks to try out.  check out the links below for additional information about the trip and the other kayak we used.  our trip consisted of paddling about 20km and portage across the lakes of about 4km. we planned an overnight in a yurt, so didn't need as much gear as regular tent camping.  overall, i found the ocean kayak caper very stable, easy to get in &out which was good for the portages as most of them weren't the easiest to get to. i was able to store pretty much all of my gear in the front hatch. i was surprised how much room it had.  if i had planned better, i could have fit everything inside including sleeping bag & pad. that being said, the hatch is not water proof. waves went over the deck during rough waters and water did get in to get the dry sacks a little wet. but overall did fairly well.  the drainage holes (scupper) worked great especially when the water was coming up on the front deck. the holes under the seat were only an issue when you entered the boat saddle like.  i didn't find it tracked overly well in breezy conditions, i had to work a little harder to stay on track, however over clam waters it was easy to paddle.  more about the trip, check out the playlist, which includes packing, the trip etc...       length: 11' 0" | 3.4 m width: 31" | 78.7 cm weight: 45 lbs | 20.4 kg seat width: 19.5" | 49.5 cm leg length: 51" | 129.5 cm bow hatch: 20" x 10.5" | 50.8 x 26.7 cm max capacity: 275-325 lbs | 124.7-147.4 kg suggested retail: $599.99 usd   jim and i had a great time on our 2 day paddling adventure in kejimkujik national park. i was very pleased with the looksha kayak i rented here is my overall impressions of it.    here are the specifications from the necky website:  material: superlinear polyethylene length: 14' 1.5" / 4.3 m width: 24.5" / 62.3 cm weight: 57 lbs / 25.9 kg cockpit: 35.5" x 16.5" / 90.2 x 41.9 cm bow hatch: 12.75" x 7.5" / 32.4 x 19 cm stern hatch: 15.5" x 9" / 39.4 x 22.9 cm storage capacity: 162.8 l / 9933 cu in max capacity: 300-350 lbs / 136.1-158.6 kg - - - - - - - - - - -  subscribe on youtube (new video every sunday!)   google+:   twitter:   check out more videos from the gang at   - - - - - - - - - - -  avoiding chores is a collection of interests from a group of guys who do everything possible not to do chores. this involves getting into a number of interests such as: hiking, camping, outdoors, bushcraft, running, beer reviews, live hangouts and long term projects like living off the grid or stone carving.   - - - - - - - - - - - kayak river paddle (club interest) water beach hobie kayak ocean kayak drifter ocean kayak old town kayak caper kayak ocean kayaks for sale venus kayak wilderness systems trail shop halifax nova scotia fishing sit on top
red bluff bay-southeast alaska exploring, fishing, wildlife watching by small cruising boat  & motorized kayak in remote alaska. exploring fishing wildlife watching small boat cruising motorized kayak remote alaska bears mokai c-dory cruise wildlife
yellow dog lodge - quiet reflections some quiet times to reflect on a good day of fishing. mcrae river duncan lake fishing
a sailing trip to sucia island an overnight trip to sucia island, wa on board my sweden yachts c34. sailing sailboat (ship type) san juan islands (island group) boat
pche extrme avec robson green sur planteplus canada l'acteur anglais robson green fait le tour du continent amricain  la recherche des plus somptueux sites de pche, du brsil au prou en passant par le texas. planete plus canada plante ca promo documentaire chane chaine robson green (tv actor)
getting kicked off crown land it took 4-6 armed dnr enforcement officers to post a note on my tent trailer telling me it was there illegal. the vid is short and at the end of the encounter with them. notice how the are in a confrontational stance . it was a lot worse when they first got there. yelling at us to take our hands out of our pockets. they said they were giving the notice because i posted on fb that i was intimidated by them and felt like i could get shot at any moment when they pulled me over while driving towards me two days before that . the first words out of there mouths was is the dog vicious i said no they said do u have any guns or fishing rods like that matters is it illegal to have a gun or fishing rod . i was driving up the rd to take my dog for a walk. i was not fishing or hunting i was driving they could clearly see in the car that i didn't have any of them things. and if they was in a lock trunk what does it matter if i do or did have any   permanent adjective adjective: permanent      1.     lasting or intended to last or remain unchanged indefinitely.     "a permanent ban on the dumping of radioactive waste at sea"     synonyms: lasting, enduring, indefinite, continuing, perpetual, everlasting, eternal, abiding, constant, irreparable, irreversible, lifelong, indissoluble, indelible, standing, perennial, unending, endless, never-ending, immutable, undying, imperishable, indestructible, pathfinder survival bug out bushcraft scouts scouting primitive skills.traditional archery bone stone tools self reliance navigation orienteering tracking trekking camping backpacking hiking tents campfire fire wool blanket kit emergency preparedness army ranger spear hunting cooking fishing game cleaning meat preservation nature naturalist trapping traps handdrill bowdrill alcohol stove wildlife
snow stove coffee in the woods - video response snow stove?  how about no stove?  this time we are cooking a fresh brewed cup of coffee with nothing but a modified cotton ball, snow hole and a tin cup.  econo challenge demonstrates a great leave no trace application for the amazing cotton ball.   it does not get much easier than this. econo challenge diy coffee bag video -  cotton ball tinder rant - econo challenge video -   wetfire tinder $8.50 for 8 pieces or $1.06 each! diy cotton balls demonstrated in this video $0.10 each.  please watch the original video by bushcraftbartons for a full demonstration of the amazing cotton ball.  how to make the amazing cotton ball !! original video by bushcraftbartons -   my amazing cotton ball!!! tested on snow & water !!   amazing cotton ball diy how to econo challenge camping hiking fishing nature backpacking camp craft potable ultra-lite wetfire tinder fire wilderness survival nature instruction outdoors wilderness how-to hiking hunting wildlife coffee fun weekend outdoor travel snow
point 65n xp18 kayak point 65n xp18 kayak paddeling at labrador city newfoundland labrador xp18 kayak paddling newfoundland and labrador camping sea fishing holiday ioc fun lake canada summer weekend water
keewaydin temagami 2011 3 week session keewaydin temagami wilderness canoe boys "summer camp" friendship skills leadership independence strength team "canoeing trips" "outdoor camping" swimming paddling fishing water river holiday fun boats adventure fun wildlife growth confidence white water lakes quebec labrador hudson's bay outdoors camping swimming paddling fishing water empowering strength outdoor skills summer camp keewaydin temagami keewaydin ontario
claymation complication all of my stop motion animation films that i have uploaded to youtube in one video. claymation stop motion animation clay morph aliens snakes revenge ice cream bomb fishing coke and mentos time funny mario sports fails football
triple c enterprises promo video  island lake manitoba. hovercraft trucking hospitality fishing hunting chornoby
wimps titans vs kugluktuk 2011-4-22 first air rec hockey tournament  yellowknife, nt  wimps titans vs kugluktuk  2011-4-22  second period wimps hockey yellowknife kugluktuk
introduction nestor falls fly-in outposts. adventures in canadian fishing and deluxe accommodations. canada ontario nestor falls fishing lake fly-in travel tourism introduction outpost lodge cabin
great canadian summer ~ heat is on sunshine, sand, beaches, boating, fishing sunn tanning and girls....another great canadian summer is coming. kelowna summer thompson okanagan lake waterfront canal locks lagoon water sports jet skis roller-blading beaches swim bike suntan bikinis wear float plane tours paddleboats vacation packages boardwalks resorts sailing kayaking water skiing ski boat boat rentals mountain living boating parasailing canoeing paddling lakefront resort canada bc destination flights family holiday travel fishing regatta golf casinos fbcfieldreporterjcv jcv yolo jcvdude video media
jon boat jet jon boat 60/40 outboard jet, my 1648 mv that i added seats, floors and an anchor system for river fishing...should be a great little river fishing boat! jet boat jon jon boat river boat river river boating fishing river fishing.
train rumbles alongside the mighty fraser river the only thing missing was a few blasts from their whistle, on a simply perfect evening. train river nature experience fraser river run-off
exploring panic valley - best beer adventures ever!!! sightseeing, expedition, photography, hunting, biking, fishing and all the likes that make a great adventure and documentary...that's what we do, rob and i. adventure wood oshawa expedition ontario biking fishing wood encounters mental confusion (symptom) house music (musical genre) toronto canada (country) action bike lakeside lake adventures water and beach adventures on the beach canada
trip to biscotasing july 2008 trees fallen by storm, canoeing, fishing, trains, abandonded church abandonded church storm canoeing fishing boat fallen trees secluded biscotasing ontario canada north
beautiful new ship "bluenorth" in guemes channel, near the san juans the new ship "f/v bluenorth" built in anacortes moves through guemes channel in what was probably a sea trial (on a gorgeous summer evening in the pacific northwest). see if you can find the tugboat waiting in the background... i believe this boat was recently built by dakota creek industries shipyard.   here's a related press release from sept. 9, 2016 -- blue north, a natural resource company committed to ecologically sound and humane practices, today will christen the f/v blue north, the most modern, low-impact and innovative vessel to ever enter the north pacific fishing fleet. the f/v blue north has been thoughtfully designed with new technologies to improve the quality of harvested seafood and working conditions for fishermen.  protecting water and air quality unique features of the f/v blue north reduce its environmental impact. all water and waste on the vessel is captured and treated, and nothing is left behind to contaminate the ocean. a state-of-the-art engine-cooling and heat recovery system recycles water used to cool the ship's engines, and repurposes the captured heat for creating potable water, creating hot water and heating the ship. these features mean less fuel is required to heat the vessel and no waste water is put back in the ocean. engine power is monitored by a smart grid that detects electrical loads and appropriately distributes energy for maximum efficiency.   tugboat ship new ship anacortes guemes channel guemes island dakata creek shipyard bluenorth fishing vessel innovative vessel sea trial commercial fishing boat pacific northwest pnw shipyards new ships new vessel blue wave boat building fidalgo island
edmonton fireworks 2010 ground zero pt. 1 of 3 setup and preparation for the 2010 canada day fireworks at kinsmen park, edmonton. canada day fireworks edmonton fire truck water canon 2010 rhett and link pyrophorus freelance
nueltin fly-in lodges overview take a big bite of canada. nueltin fly-in lodges are the fishing adventure of lifetime. nueltin fishing resort fly-in lodge canada manitoba northern pike lake trout
maine fish camp for sale reduced: $125,000  seasonal log cabin for sale by owner on lake pennamaquan. follow me down school house lane in charlotte, maine to this private, secluded two bedroom cottage with vintage charm. great bass fishing. reduced $125,000. call 207-454-3287 maine (us state) log cabin pennamaquan lake seasonal vacation cottage fishing fish camp real estate for sale by owner
sitka alaska come visit part 1 city of sitka great place to visit for salmon and halibut charter fishing. visit our website at  our charter service combines a great vessel, awesome fishing, my 20 years of charter and commercial fishing, and custom affordable fishing package to creat an experience of a life time.   sitka alaska charter fishing salmon halibut sea roamer charters affordable
little judique, cape breton by jeannette gallant a short video of the sun setting over little judique harbour on the first day of lobster fishing 2013.   jeannettegallant.info cape breton cape breton photographer jeannette gallant lobster fishing lobseter boat boat lobster fishing judique ns judique nova scotia little judique harbour sunset water ocean artlantic ocean fusion  spring sunset (film)
thompson falls taken on holiday near golden thompson falls canada blaeberry golden
lake erie airboat feb 2011 last day coming in ice fishing for 2011 on lake erie around cooley canal lake erie airboat feb 2011 last day coming in ice fishing on cooley canal
hope river estates raw footage (part 2) pei real estate subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and resource.  receive pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by  owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&b's, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity.  hope river estates, stanley bridge, prince edward island, canada. (part 2 - raw footage)  annes land waterfront -- low low price!! absolutely one of the best buys on the market today. large waterfront lots located on the north shores hope river. these large lots are conveniently located, just minutes from the stunning cavendish beach, championship golf courses and beautiful national park. lots are priced to sell. owner financing is available. prices shown on mls are cash discounted prices. owner financing price is $34,900 plus hst. terms: terms $5,000 down, 20 year amortization, 5% interest, 5 year balloon. any other shorter amortization is also acceptable, with a 5 year balloon, or 10 years straight amortization is acceptable. no pre-payment penalties. wow! exciting youtube hd video attached. click on multimedia link to view.  located near stanley bridge, hope river, cavendish, cavendish beach, cavendish resort area, atlantic ocean, green gables, bayview, springbrook, new london. located south of cavendish, west of charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. royalty free music provided by: "montauk point" kevin macleod (incompetech.com)  licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0   this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13070420 and others. video youtube link:  michael's custom home for sale url:   pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
stewart cameron - squid jigging ground this is segment 6 out of 8 from a show for sudbury community television (cable 7), produced and hosted by stewart cameron.  it was recorded november 18, 1983.  stewart cameron sang and told stories of the sea from the british isles and canada.  here he sings a popular newfoundland fishing song, unaccompanied. music stewart cameron television celtic fishing jigging (sports equipment) newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) newfoundland (island) canada (country) traditional folk song squid (organism classification)
tutorial #3 - fish!!!! yes, yes i finally fished after 2 years playing terraria, i finally learned how to fish and i am going to keep fishing now. not much else other than that covered, need some help? comment your problem below i can answer with comments and can do some videos for them as well.  alright this is gonna be fun!!!  please don't mind my awkward talk and/or my ability to continuously repeat information sometimes even incorrectly.  if you like my videos let me know in the comments if you have an issue with me or my videos let me know in the comments (i can handle it i swear) i am going to try and post a video every morning at 10am gmt- edmonton .  hit that like button if you enjoy my videos, subscribe to me if you actually enjoy my videos.  until next time  steam:   friend me if you would like i broadcast my terraria every time i play multiplayer or not. and if you friend me then we can terraria and that's always fun. terraria gameplay gaming girl tutorial fishing merchant money armour sleeping angler fisherwomen worms todayilearned
big whiteshell fish - september 2012 put together a few clips from a day that me and my brother in christ, trevor, went fishing. fishing lake jesus christ holy ghost fire father god
nipper's harbour - breaking up harbour ice this is a video of my dad in his fishing boat a few years ago breaking up the sea ice. this is done by the locals to allow fishing vessels to leave the harbour throughout the winter and not get caught in thick ice. nipper's harbour newfoundland boat breaking ice fishing ice
boating from crane lake to namakan boat ride from crane lake to namakan lake.  looking for a campsite, and fishing! vnp voyaguers national park crane lake namakan sand point walleye fishing gopro king williams narrows narrows camping calvin rossman
stardew valley gameplay - ep 21 - bubbles! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- learning new fishing tricks. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- stardew valley is an open-ended country-life rpg! youve inherited your grandfathers old farm plot in stardew valley. armed with hand-me-down tools and a few coins, you set out to begin your new life. can you learn to live off the land and turn these overgrown fields into a thriving home? it wont be easy. ever since joja corporation came to town, the old ways of life have all but disappeared. the community center, once the towns most vibrant hub of activity, now lies in shambles. but the valley seems full of opportunity. with a little dedication, you might just be the one to restore stardew valley to greatness!  stardew valley usage -  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ connect and chat twitter - @skeptickrab twitch - skeptic krab stardew valley gameplay walkthrough playthrough let's play vs harvest moon skeptic krab part 21 ep 21 fishing treasure bubbles lake ocean perfect cast
gabriola herring spawn fly over herring spawn observed during fly over of outer gabriola island.  march 2010. fishing herring spawn fly over vancouver island gabriola fishing
johnstone strait time lapse a little clip of some of the views we had on our kayaking adventure in johnstone strait for 7 days. clouds, fishing boats, cruise ship, tidal flows, rainbows, rain, sunset and kayakers can be seen. i mixed an actual recording of the waves on the shoreline with music: hall of maat by solaris at the start and end of the video clip. equipment is a hacked canon powershot s5 is set up for time lapse with post processing in virtualdub & wmm. enjoy! johnstone strait time lapse kayak kayaking orca whale clouds hall of maat solaris fishing boats cruise ship tidal flows rainbows rain sunset waves powershot virtualdub wmm camping
(sold) pei prince edward island waterfront cottage 24 st. patricks grand river oceanview church view  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, office or manufacturing space, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.  this is very well done waterfront cottage north east of  summerside, and west of  charlottetown pei located. almost new waterfront luxury home built in 2005 with a fabulous panoramic view of st patrick's church. house has been used as a rental generating $1,000 a week for 6-10 weeks a year. available as a turn key rental (negotiable). the house is r2000. heat is via in floor heating. two bedrooms and loft master bedroom with reading area and ensuite. down stairs bathroom, open concept ceiling kitchen/dining area and family/tv area. ceramic tile and hardwood throughout. near arlington, birch hill, wellington, richmond, lot 16, bayside, macdougall, grand river, prince edward island.   located in grand river, 14 km north west of summerside, 67 km west of charlottetown, 31 km north west of the confederation bridge in borden, 23 km from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  camera used was a canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
beavers fixing their dam  beavers
erie extreme one caribbean television promo on a snowy beach, relatively close to puerto rico, dave lefebre prepares to watch the first episode of his new show, erie extreme. episode 1, season 1: misery on ice (ice fishing bluegills, misery bay) anxious to hit the ice after a long bout of cabin fever, dave lefebre searches to find the first safe ice in the area. after a few days of scouting, he locates just the place, and is the first crazy fisherman to walk on misery bay, wellalmost! erie extreme ee erie fishing reality tv lake erie dave lefebre fishing show erie shows erie tv shows erie extreme episodes crazy fisherman fishing tv show erie pa outdoor tv outdoor activities erie winter erie snow crazy weather dave in snow solar bat glasses insane snow snowy beach winter beach caribbean snow
gillnetter gillnetter fishing boat prince rupert may 2009 1080i hd canon sx1 is gillnetter fishing boat prince rupert may 2009 1080i hd canon sx1 is
duncanby lodge & marina - introduction duncanby lodge & marina is an all inclusive fishing lodge with a guest capacity of 36. we also offer a full service marina and a fantastic public restaurant. with new ownership in 2005, our efforts will focus on improving and expanding existing services, and providing superior customer service. rivers inlet fishing
marie-christine depestre, daniel boucher, luck mervil et luc boivin (fmbm srie air libre 2011) marie-christine depestre interprte port-au-prince en compagnie de daniel boucher, luck mervil et luc boivin.  ce quatuor  t runi le temps d'une chanson sur le bord de l'une des plus belles rivires  saumon de la gaspsie.          crdits :    musique : marie-christine depestre  ralisation : franois labont  camra : pierre mignot, duane cabot et christian vzina  prise de son et mixage : yan vibert  montage : franois labont marie-christine depestre daniel boucher luck mervil luc boivin rivire pche saumon fmbm festival gasp fishing gaspsie gasp peninsula travel tourisme musique salmon fisherman mosquito castel rivire st-jean sony ex3 nature event
torrent river inn on the viking trail this video showcases the beautiful and bountiful torrent river and the amazing things to do while staying at the torrent river inn.  visit the torrent river salmon interpretation centre and see salmon travelling up and down the river in its underground viewing chamber.  take in the beauty that surrounds you with amazing trails to hike or an evening stroll along the many beaches to take in the breathtaking ocean sunsets! vikingtrail torrent river salmon fishing hiking hunting outdoors travel tourism adventures hawkesbay portauxchoix
lac x.wmv pche la truite et remise l'eau durant l'hiver.  trout fishing and release during winter. trout fishing and release during winter qubec lac st-jean
sledding sledding in the cariboo mountains of british columbia crashes jumps
more rain with mary and nancy today this is my life.  i just felt like sharing.   new episodes daily! relaxing seasoned citizen mormon pioneer living seasoned vlogger calming rain learn vlogger downhome tepee vlogging raining lds
cedar valley lodge, on lake kipawa - 5  - this is how you boat ride towards cedar valley lodge. a quick video how to get to us once you have entered our bay on lake kipawa.    call us now 1-819-629-7373 and reserve your outdoor experience. lodge quebec canada best fishing in quebec cedar valley lodge fishing hunting outfitter lake kipawa walleye pike lake trout
2014-12-11 harbor seal feeding on bait ball in statter harbor this morning went down to statter harbor (formerly the auke bay harbor) and saw this harbor seal feeding on a bait ball.  you can see him round them up, then cut through them eating the little fish.  watch as he goes through them near the top....you can see the little fish leaping for their lives! bait ball harbor seal (organism classification) fishing juneau (city/town/village) alaska (us state) herring (food) animal (film genre) united states of america (country)
big snapping turtle in algonquin (nipissing river) while on a trip in algonquin provincial park (july 29, 2008 - august 6, 2008) we came across this chilled out turtle. glad i found him out of the water with my camera rather than in the water with my toes! algonquin big camp camping canada canoe outdoors paddle paddling park provincial wildlife snapper snapping turtle maddy the goose river bushcraft survival
iced over in ottawa co as the temperatures continue to fall, many will take advantage of the winter chill and head outdoors for fun.  but whether you're ice fishing or maybe ice skating, safety should come first, especially when dealing with water.  depending where you go, especially if you are dealing with shallow ponds, it is pretty safe for you to walk in the  ice. ice fishing safety
pine island outpost on roderick lake part 4 of the chimo lodge outpost tour. join us as we take a look at pine island outpost on roderick lake and go out fishing for walleyes and northerns. fishing ontario canada red lake northern pike walleye lake trout chimo lodge outpost pine island roderick lake
shelter lodge 2012 staff video at the end of every season, the staff at shelter lodge puts together fishing related skits which we show at our annual promotional banquets in los angeles, honolulu, and lihue.  special thank you to this years crew who helped us create priceless memories for all who visited the lodge!  please share this video with your friends and family!  we had a blast putting this years staff video together and hope you enjoy it as much as we do!  for information about our lodge fishing packages, please visit our website at   like us on facebook!!   funny shelter lodge staff video 2012 alaska fishing parody undercover boss zumba siri directtv commercial spoof comedy sketch korean drama gangnam style sketch comedy (tv genre) satire (tv genre)
cbc radio morning news remote controlled aerial quadcopter drone video camera real estate pei canada please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. this is a quick video that covers my appearance on cbc radio island morning july 9th, 2013 in regards to remotely controlled quad-copters performing aerial video and aerial pictures. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.  aircraft/quadcopter: dji phantom with garmin gtu10. this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # n/a. video youtube link:  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment dji phantom gopro cbc radio
touring blacks harbour a driving tour of the small fishing village of blacks harbour, new brunswick, canada. this community is home to the world's largest sardine processing facility. the tour takes you through the community to the grand manan ferry, back through deadmans harbour and a quick drive along wellington road (locally known as "tunaville"). recorded on may 21, 2010. be sure to check out the other driving tours of various communities in charlotte county. blacks harbour new brunswick fundy connors harbor sea view ocean fishing village gaduet
intex seahawk 3-person inflatable boat the intex seahawk 3-person inflatable boat has 3 air chambers plus an inner auxiliary chamber inside the main hull for added safety. quick-fill, fast deflate boston valve on the main hull chamber. comes with a quick-fill hand pump. also includes, 1 gear pouch, 2 fishing rod holders, grab handle on bow and welded oar locks. may hold 3 people but really good for one or two people. dimensions: 116 l x 54 w x 17" h (294.6 x 137 x 43 cm). a great little inflatable boat that is easy to set-up and use and is a good little boat for fishing or pleasure trips. we didnt include the rope that goes around the boat and the small storage pouch because i didnt need it. the intex seahawk 3 is available in canada at canadian tire for about $129.the boat would be a nice addition to your camping supplies.  i created this video with the youtube video editor ( youtube editor intex inflatable boat 2-man 3-man set-up how to assemble review camping supplies boston valve fishing air chamber hand pump rod holder gear pouch oars paddles rope haliburton ontario canada canadian tire best boat cheap easy to use light
for rent, 2 br waterfront camp on wilson lake in wilton, maine get ready for some fun in the sun. swimming, boating, water-skiing, canoeing, kayaking, you can do it all on wilson lake! this great 2 bedroom waterfront camp is clean and cozy, and ready to go! bring your kayaks and canoes, and go exploring! bring your fishing poles too, because wilson lake is well known for its great fishing. there is also a paddle-boat available. this cottage rents for $750 weekly from june through september. this cottage rents for $650 monthly in the other off-peak months. wilson lake (lake) camp rental summer rental waterfront coldwell banker srpm wilton maine 04294 fishing hunting swimming camping weekend family fun wendy wright
lazy daze retreats b and b, upper columbia river, washington join us for a tour of one of washington's hidden jems - lazy daze bed and breakfast. located on the columbia river just miles from the canadian border, this unique destination is one of the most stunning locations i have ever visited. the fishing is pretty amazing, too. be sure to contact art and nina at  to get more information and book a stay. you won't regret it! washington bed and breakfast fishing rainbow trout columbia river
unwind on our rivers new brunswick's heritage rivers, the st. john river, the restigouche river and the miramichi river, offer fishing, canoeing, kayaking or a relaxing beach vacation. la version franaise:  find out more:  nb new brunswick travel tourism rivers miramichi river saint-john river rediscover summer heritage rivers restigouche river fishing canoeing beach vacation new brunswick canada water st. john river
bluefin tuna chef gordon bailey, lot 30 restaurant in charlottetown pei discusses using it read the original post about my conflicting review of lot 30 and their sustainable fishing issues by serving bluefin tuna at   transcript here:  all we want to do is like cook the best like regional and locally focused food without being like too much of that farm to table. you know years ago when we opened this restaurant in 2008...   we don't always have to put our farmers on the menu, we don't have like to say like, you know like force feed these people that it's ahh farm to table but that's what we do. all our food comes from like local producers, farmers, fishermen. you know like we are the only restaurant to buy a whole bluefin tuna, which was ahh i think 574 pounds last year we're going to do another one this year. so you know to us it's like it's local, it's indigenous but what we want to make, the biggest thing for us is we want to make a challenge about it. you know challenge ourselves to make like the best that we can from what we're offered.  post:  this is a really difficult post to write.  generally i believe that if you don't have anything nice to say you shouldn't say anything. in this case i'm not writing to be malicious but to share a conflict in values. i've been on prince edward island for a few days now in an attempt to see as much time as i can outside working. from a food perspective, charlottetown has really surprised me. there are some great modern options and the island that boasts it produces canada's best ice cream no longer needs to rely on that for culinary credentials.  after my cooking boot camp learning how to put a lobster to sleep,  chef ilona daniel recommended terre rouge and there chef dave mottershall told me the best chef on the island was chef gordon bailey at lot 30. and so last night i went and had fantastic food. the restaurant front of house is run by the chef's wife, traci, who is incredibly nice and so down to earth. after the meal i asked if i could take a photo of the chef in the kitchen and everyone was happy to oblige.  and because of this i'm so disappointed at what happened next.  after a quick chat he asked me if i wanted to capture his philosophy for the restaurant on video.     this is where it gets really bad.     have a look.     i wasn't struck by his disdain for helping diners connect the meal on their table to farmers on the island.  what disturbed me was that he was proud to serve bluefin tuna.  bluefin tuna is not recommended by ocean wise. when i asked him about it he said that it is heavily regulated and his suppliers have licenses, which i am sure his true.  but bluefin tuna has been severely overfished driving critically low numbers. despite it being delicious many people (including many chefs) believe there should be a moratorium. and while he referenced "pei bluefin" this species is migratory, ambitiously so and are known to travel from north america to europe multiple times a year.  sustainable fish choices are complicated. even within tuna some types are more sustainable than others so i often recommend using either the ocean wise iphone app or the monterey bay aquarium seafood watch app which is available in android. i try to support restaurants that have share my food values and i spend a lot of time reading about food. but most people don't and this is where i think chefs come in because most people ordering bluefin tuna from the menu likely don't realize it's unsustainable.  i didn't enter a debate with chef gordon. he was very kind to me and it's not for me to question his ethics when i'm a guest in his kitchen.    but it has left me uneasy.      here is a restaurant with fantastic staff and delicious food but ultimately i believe we create the world we want by making choices with our pocketbook. lot 30 does not need to confirm to my ideals. it's their kitchen they can do what they like with it.  if we hadn't had the conversation i would have recommended lot 30 with gusto but now as great as the food is. i can never eat there again knowing i'm supporting a business contrary to my own values.  and with pei having so many fantastic seafood options i think back to the last portion of the video where he says:  ...challenge ourselves to make like the best that we can from what we're offered.  the best of what we're offered is not unsustainable fish. prince edward island is much better than that. bluefin tuna tuna sustainability (literary genre) fishing oceanwise ocean charlottetown (city/town/village) prince edward island (canadian province) food city (ontology class) canada cooking restaurant (industry) kitchen chef (occupation) ayngelina bacon is magic interview
loons on mctavish lake out fishing on mctavish lake and a very calm day when we got some what close to some calling loons loon fishing lake
salmon opener amalga harbor, juneau, alaska the salmon opening for commercial fishing in amalga harbor, juneau, alaska. fishing juneau (us county)
how to swallow a live minnow on a recent fishing trip to canada, john tries to teach alex the finer points of swallowing a live minnow. fishing minnow canada
1st annual ladies only weekend 2016 an annual ladies only fishing weekend retreat okuma kamooki water wolf hd stormr liquid mayhem gcfa womanwhofish dorothy normand flw canada windriver professional guide service windriverwalleyes fishing national pro staff
puppy's first trip to the beach! atty's first trip to the beach/fishing, and winston's first trip of the season! =) puppies firsts sheltie mutt rescue dog rescue puppy fun in the sun puppy at the beach beach fishing dog fetch puppy's first day at the beach beach trip attwood atty winston best friends
offgrid cabin, apple trees, and kids on the homestead - {recap show} - live stream - 2-28-2017 this was the first live stream we ever did. lots of topics like the off grid cabin, the apple orchard, my thoughts of being a homestead dad, and general discussion about homesteading and the weekend homestead project.   i plan to do these a couple times a month. if you have ideas for shows, please email or comment in this video below.   questions:   do you like this format? longer or shorter shows? how often?  enjoying the cabinlife one weekend at a time.   ---------------------------------------------------------------------  check out the weekend homestead on the radio!  homestead project:  buying a cabin:  fireworks and trees:   --------------------------------------------------------------------- we have an instagram account for more daily updates:  ---------------------------------------------------------------------  welcome to the weekend homestead. a collection of videos about our homestead project. we live full time in a major city in the midwest, but on the weekends we strive for a slower life, the homestead lifestyle. come along on the journey to our off grid cabin in the north woods of wisconsin.   what is the weekend homestead?    the weekend homestead will feature topics like outdoor cooking, bee keeping, diy projects, dutch oven cooking, machine maintenance, making maple syrup, hunting, fishing, camping, backwoods projects, bushcraft, and land management using our kubota tractor.  mrs w, myself, lincoln and cameron enjoy family time with outdoor activities that you can do to. watch as we learn on this journey into the simple life. we are not experts, just a family raising our son to be an outdoor kid like we were when we were younger.   the weekend homestead, offering up the simple life, one weekend at a time.  to keep up with our mix of family video blog updates, how to videos, and more. subscribe today.  send a question anytime!  send your questions to the following:  1. check us out on facebook at:   2. leave a comment/question on this video or any video to get it answered.  3. email us: will@theweekendhomestead.com   thanks for watching  #homestead #diyremodel #remodelprojects #cabinlife #homesteading #installinghardwoodfloors #rusticfinishing #cabintime #hickoryfloors  royalty free audio files provided by  which i am fully licensed for.  music from:  homesteading family family vlogs vlogs homestead off grid do it yourself diy modern homesteading vlog hunting fishing kids outdoor activities maker cooking grilling camping hiking the weekend homestead homesteader self-sufficiency permaculture gardening apple orchard apple trees sustainable outdoor cooking food plots off-grid bee keeping logging land management land live show solar power rasing kids off grid off grid family
pei real estate century 21 waterfront lots land for sale prince edward island hope river estates subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and resource.  receive pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls, for sale by  owner (fsbo) or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, b&b's, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. hope river estates, stanley bridge, prince edward island, canada. annes land waterfront -- low low price!! absolutely one of the best buys on the market today. large waterfront lots located on the north shores hope river. these large lots are conveniently located, just minutes from the stunning cavendish beach, championship golf courses and beautiful national park. lots are priced to sell. owner financing is available. prices shown on mls are cash discounted prices. owner financing price is $34,900 plus hst. terms: terms $5,000 down, 20 year amortization, 5% interest, 5 year balloon. any other shorter amortization is also acceptable, with a 5 year balloon, or 10 years straight amortization is acceptable. no pre-payment penalties. wow! exciting youtube hd video attached. click on multimedia link to view.  located near stanley bridge, hope river, cavendish, cavendish beach, cavendish resort area, atlantic ocean, green gables, bayview, springbrook, new london. located south of cavendish, west of charlottetown, and east of confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on snapchat, pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. royalty free music provided by: "montauk point" kevin macleod (incompetech.com)  licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0   this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, mcne, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13070420 and others. video youtube link:   michael's custom home for sale url:   pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
62 bayside dr. schurmans point north bedeque waterfront building lot for sale summerside pei canada  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance   this is a waterfront building lot located in schurman's point north bedeque across from sumerside prince edward island canada. spectacular waterfront lot across from summerside harbour. the perfect place for that waterfront cottage or year round home. huge potential with this amazing panoramic view property. buy as an investment or build. located near fernwood, lower bedeque, bedeque, chelton, linkletter, dunk river, reads corner, central bedeque, travellers rest, sherbrooke, north carleton. located west of charlottetown, north west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and south of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
mayflower inn in moose capital of roddickton-bide arm on east side of the viking trail there are so many things to do around the mayflower inn located in the scenic moose capital of the world - roddickton-bide arm!  you can take in awe-inspiring iceberg and whale boat tours, guided and self guided outdoor adventures including world class fishing at the underground salmon pool with an abundance of wildlife including moose, caribour and black bear.  take one of the many nearby first class walking trails for scenic vistas unlike no other you have ever seen!  visit historic centres next door at the green moose interpretation centre and in nearby conche at the french shore interpretation centre home of the world reknowned french tapestry.  the mayflower inn was noted the #1 accommodation on tripadvisor for the area and was2009 hnl tourism business of the year.  visit  for more info! mayflower inn icebergs whales moose caribou salmon french shore travel tourism adventure outdoors hunting fishing boat tours hiking trails roddickton-bide arm
pei real estate century 21 abrams village oceanfront waterfront acreage west of charlottetown pei subscribe now to prince edward island's real estate super channel and get all pei real estate tips, tricks, traps, and new listing videos delivered to you automatically.  also like, share, embed, and comment.   |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, realtor, century 21 northumberland, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: two very private oceanfront lots for the price of one! build on one and sell the other, or keep both for your own peaceful waterfront retreat -- peaceful, yet convenient, as the lots front on hwy. 11. the lots are already sub-divided and approved for building, located along a quiet lane that slopes gently to your own private sandy beach, perfect for clam-digging. easy access to nearby wharf and fresh seafood, in fact, a view of the wharf is available year-round from your own beach. watch the boats come and go. both lots feature very mature white spruce trees along with some cleared areas. choose your building site surrounded by nature, sand and surf! an excellent buy, worth more than just a look only 23 minutes west of summerside and 48 minutes from confederation bridge. located near maximeville, chrysostome, urbainville, wellington, st. rahael, mont carmel, cap egmont, union corner, region evangeline, richmond, st. nicholas, victoria west, miscouche, grand river, lot 16, and summerside. located west of cavendish, charlottetown, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales. this video pre and post-production by:   michael poczynek, crs, cne, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs realtor/real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4h8   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13069442. video youtube link: pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
35 water street summerside rockin rodeo heritage pub building for sale pei commercial real estate 1.92 acres includes a separate lot for an additional $149,900. please subscribe, like, & share.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance   this is 35 water street in summerside. over 15,000 sq ft on the highest visibility street in summerside. 120x90 plus 40x55 plans available at lbo. separate lot for $149,900 250x130 includes easement. improvements - geo thermo - 6 yrs old $75,000, sprinkler $50,000, three phase electrical $70,000 plus a great deal of internal construction. expenses geo thermo $18-$20,000 per year, insurance $2400 this could be used for any application. it has parking for car lot, restaurant, heavy equipment. pick your business. here is your new location.  1.92 acres includes the extra lot at a cost of $149,000.    located in summerside, near kensington, wilmont valley, sherbrooke, linkletter, and st. eleanors. located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and in summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
sitka alaska come visit part 2 a quick tour of sitka, alaska showing crescent harbor and sitka national historic park.  visit our website at  our charter service combines a great vessel, awesome fishing, my 20 years of charter and commercial fishing, and custom affordable fishing package to creat an experience of a life time.  come fish with us:  sitka alaska salmon halibut charter fishing sea roamer charters affordable
gandy goose & sour puss  fisherman's luck 1945  terrytoons opening with a few painful punful examples of various types of fish...a sunfish 'sets' and a starfish 'comes out', gandy goose and his pal go deep-sea fishing with the intent to land one of the denizens of the deep, with no luck until a whale appears.  classic cartoons from the early 20th century until about 1950,  and classical music, early jazz and blues, some mountain music and children's tunes.  everything here is child safe and child approved.  we have just about every animated movie short there is available on the internet.  they come from depatie-freleng and all their friends including pink panther, ant and the aardvark, looney tunes, the inspector and merrie melodies.  there's fable studios, harvey entertainment, henson studios,  hugh harmon productions, ub iwerks studios, chuck jones, van beuren, united artists, columbia, walt disney studios, famous studios, filmation studios, fleischer studios, fox studios, hanna-barbera,  mgm studios, paramount studios, universal studios and warner bros. studios. characters??  there are all to many to list here and do them any justice.  if you can think of a character that has its origins in american animation history, we either have it or we can find it.  some cartoon videos are gone forever, however, many that have that same character in a staring role are available.  all you have to do is drop us a line, and we will do our best to locate it.    so, like, subscribe and follow us and we will keep you up with things that are better than tv.    andythebeagle.  thanx for watching.  if you like this, select the like button and subscribe for future updates.  if you have any requests for a specific 'toon, let me know and i will see what can be done. "golden age of animation\"  \"public domain\"  \"bugs bunny\"  \"paramount\"  \"popeye\"  \"superman\"  \"super hero\"  \"tom and jerry\"  \"mouse\"  \"cat\"  \"dog\"  \"car\"  \"plane\"  \"air plain\"  \"air craft\"  \"boat\"  \"ship\"  \"ww2\"  \"frog\"  \"farmer\"  \"cow\"  \"horse\"  \"king\"  \"noveltoon\" \"tv\"  \"kangaroo\"  \"christmas\"  \"holidays\"  \"halloween\"  \"betty boop\"  \"big bad wolf\"  \"pig\"  \"red riding hood\"  \"cinderella\"  \"casper\"  \"woody\"  \"woodpecker\"  \"chilly\"  \"banned\"  \"betty boop\"  \"walt disney\"  \"fleischer\"  \"bimbo\"  \"coco\"  \"mickey\"  \"mickey mouse\"  woody  \"woody woodpecker\"  donald  duck  playlist  \"classic cartoons\"  classic  cartoons  toons  \"bugs bunny\"  tweety  \"looney tunes\"  \"merrie melodies\"  animated  \"animated movies\"  comedy  humor  \"walt disney fantasia\"  bosko  scrappy  color  \"black and white\" 1930s  1940s  1950s  fox  wolf  \"big bad wolf\"  \"little red riding hood\"  red  pigs  barnyard  symphony  \"silly symphonies\"  frog  mill  pond  birds  \"charlie brown\"  snoopy  \"fairy tale\"  goofy  \"sleeping beauty\"  cinderella  \"alice in wonderland\"  \"peter pan\"  \"flip the frog\"  \"flowers and trees\"", "kartun" "cartoni animati" "" "kreskwki" "desene animate" "" "dibujos animados" "" "karikatrler" "phim hot hnh" "charges" "" zeichentrickfilm tecknad whale starfish fishing deep sea fishing gandy goose series fisherman sourpuss surrealism cartoon fish terrytoons
mv swell tour & review ~ maple leaf adventures ~ cruise tugboat tour & review watch our tour and review of maple leaf adventures' mv swell, a modernized passenger tugboat originally built in 1912, including sitka spruce accommodations with private ensuite; activities: open wheelhouse, anchor chain, top deck lounge, hot tub, aft deck lounge, salon, games, library, wraparound decks, wildlife viewing of humpback whales and orca whales, and fishing; dining: salon, breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks and drinks; expeditions: kayaking, pontoon boat cruising, more wildlife viewing of clams, crabs, seaweeds, starfish, jellyfish, oyster catchers, bald eagles, sea lions and deer, abandoned whaling station, haida gwaii watchmen sites, trees, longhouses, totem poles and scenery at sea and in the forest. ~ visit our website:  cruise cruises cruising cruise travel review maple leaf adventures mv swell tugboat (ship type) cruise ship (transit vehicle type) boat tour haida gwaii (island group) gwaii haanas national park reserve and haida heritage site (protected site) watchmen totem pole longhouse fishing kayak zodiac pontoon boat cabin accommodations bathroom wheelhouse hot tub lounge dining whale deer eagle crab clam seaweed starfish jellyfish sea lion abandoned whaling station forest tree
loch island lodge -  a peaceful escape you will see from the video that the peace and solitude of loch island lodge are unmatched... it is a true escape in to nature.  fishing, hunting, and god's great country all around you. fishing hunting ontario vacation michigan lodge resort walleye pike pickerel zolynsky videographer central coast documentary
stillaguamish lower river drift the drift from arlington to the i-5 take-out makes for a nice day of fishing, around 6-7 miles. on this day, it was a quick float as we hit it at just the wrong time, with rapidly rising waters after a storm. it took use around three hours. conditions totally wiped out any chance to catch fish, but it was good to float a new stretch of water. washingtonlakes.com fishing steelhead stilliguamish river arlington wa drift fishing salmon
rc adventures -  empire of teds garage - trucks, crawlers, boats, mini's  & more!  - well my friends - after 5 years of teds garage .. soon the club will be moving to a larger location.  pmhobbycraft has generously offered a large section of their store to be dedicated to the calgary crawlers rc club and the teds garage name!   so, while the club is still at the garage for now.. im hustling to get some great footage to capture the essence of what this club is about. friendship, great rc's and all out fun!  it about getting together with others and learning how to be in a club. awesome!   over the years teds garage has been an influence to hundreds of thousands of rc viewers around the world..  in this video i am able to chat with a few of the builders that have learned much from this club. i get up close to a couple of crawlers, fishing boats, destroyers, a micro trail tekker and much more!     i hope you enjoy this video, and it gives you a good idea as to what being in an awesome rc club is all about :-)    where i get my rc's:  t-shirts & decals!    twitter:  facebook:    rcsparks studio:   rc forums:   rc photo gallery:   created by:   djmedic2008:  editing clips:  mepic nation fan channel:  .  rc adventures/rcsparks studio  2013 medic media productions inc..  all rights reserved.  publication, reproduction or distribution of this film by any means whatsoever - including without limitation electronic transmission via internet or e-mail, or re-uploading existing videos & re-uploading such material on any website anywhere in the world  is strictly prohibited without prior the written consent of medic media productions inc. please note that the rcsparks studio does not sell rc products. the rcsparks studio an independent promotor of a great hobby! i am not directly affiliated with any of the vendors or manufacturers in this video. the rcsparks studio is not liable for any damage or loss through the use of products or techniques shown - use at your own risk! this film and the rc adventures film series on youtube is intended for entertainment purposes only. teds garage adventures djmedic20008 trucks expensive electric competition fun empire rcsparks studio summit axial xr10 berg custom built build buggy boat tugboat fishing automobiles cars outdoor sports djmedic2008 djmedic dj medic dj medic 2008 aaron bidochka rcsparks studio rc adventures youtube google go pro sony hobby hobbies rc addict tutorial success full time youtuber career rc videos rc videographer most subscribed 100000 extreme awesome story community share excitement pass-time learning
pancake creek amazing whale encounter pancake creek oct 2016 * queensland * whales * drone * camping * jetski pancake creek central queensland whales dji phantom 4 drone gopro camping jetski australia
(sold) pei waterfront real estate for sale 89 carrol alberton prince edward island oceanfront please subscribe, like, share, embed, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  now with the new amazing radio controlled drone quad-copter for "on-demand" hd video and high resolution photographs. prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: great opportunity to own private waterfront acreage with lovely a frame style home overlooking sand dunes, light house and oultons island. enjoy red sandy beach, fishing boats, sail boats, sea shell collecting, the smell of sea salt air, plus superb views while soaking in the sun, the peace and tranquility that is only dreamt of in the big cities from your very own private deck. less than five minutes to shopping, schools, hospitals, and the wharf. property offers the potential to sever off a waterfront parcel still maintaining your privacy with mature trees. plus there is an apartment on lower level or an in-law suite that is currently being rented for that added revenue making this home very affordable. upgrades to your home include 7 year old reshingled roof, 2 year old windows on main part of home, 12 year old septic, wood facing on front redone 2 years ago, new energy efficient convect air system. located near alberton, brooklyn, huntley, northport, mill river east, mill river, fortune cove, woodstock, carleton, cascumpec, cascumpec bay, bloomfield, bloomfield provincial park, rosebank, louretta, kildare, & jacques cartier provincial park. located in west of charlottetown, cavendish beach, confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x. remotely controlled dji phantom quadcopter drone helicopter loaded with a gopro black edition hd camera.  century 21 canada is a proud sponsor of the airmiles reward miles program for purchases and sales.  michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs real estate agent, century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # 13067706. my youtube channel is at  this video youtube link:  and  pei p.e.i. prince edward island canada real estate c21 century 21 waterfront oceanfront vacation tourism summerside charlottetown homes lobster cavendish rustico souris borden fishing golfing miscouche oleary stratford tignish development recreational residential apartment houses for sale confederation bridge house hunter funny video green gables retirement investment land aerial properties realty beach sand kayaking century21 realtor mls atlantic commercial business acreage acres crea
you can get anything you want: on schroon lake, a classic american general store still thrives produced for mountain lake pbs by josh clement ( and ed kanze (  building on a history stretching back more than 150 years, the adirondack general store flourishes in the twenty-first century by offering the best of the old and the new. maureen and robert diaz, who made a bold move from queens to the remote hamlet of adirondack to buy and run the place, are the hard-working proprietors. they sell everything from fishing poles to corn flakes, microbrew for grown-ups to retro candy for the kids, and even serve home-cooked meals. it's the kind of place you pop in to grab a jar of pickles and wind up spending half a day, browsing the aisles, talking by the woodstove, catching up with neighbors, meeting travelers, and reveling in the fine food and the old-time hardwood atmosphere.  learn more:   ----------  thanks to all our sponsors for making curiously adirondack happen!  paul smith's college   the adirondack coast   bridge street auctions   adirondack life   casella zero-sort recycling   cumberland 12 cinemas    mike foote - state farm agent   hyde fuel company  schroon lake adirondacks adirondack adirondack mountains ed kanze josh clement robert diaz maureen diaz schroon lake general store curiously adirondack food groceries general store fishing adirondack general store adirondack ny new york
alaska via inside passage traveled to alaska via the inside passage june of 2015. we set sail in bellingham and stayed on the boat for 3 days before briefly docking in wrangell, alaska and checking out tyler's old stomping ground and family long house on shakes island. then we hopped back on the columbia to reach our destination in juneau. in juneau, we visited the mendenhall glacier, took a 10 mile hike in the beautiful tongass national forest along the taku river, and hiked to herbert glacier we caught some wild king on douglas island. we also hiked the point bishop dupont trail along the gastineau channel, where we saw tons of natural quarts, young jade, iron ore, and saw the remnants of the deck from an old cannery. later we took the gunalcheesh tram up to mount roberts, where we spread paulines ashes. we wrapped the trip up with a few more successful fishing trips, basked in some waterfalls, picked some wild salmon berries and smoked a whole lot of fish (over 47 jars), before heading back to seattle. youtube editor alaska (us state) wrangell shakes island wrangell alaska longhouse totem poles tlingit southeast alaska travel inside passage columbia (ship) glacier ocean hike gastineau channel fishing wild king salmon fishing mendenhall glacier wild king salmon explore juneau cove cannery old cannery waterfall nature land of the midnight sun mount robert tram totem pole restoration beach hiking adventure culture
pair of eagles fly over ships, skagway harbour, alaska just after discharging passengers from my pedicab at the railroad dock in skagway, alaska, i filmed the resident pair of bald eagles returning from a day's fishing in nearby dyea. pair of eagles fly over ships skagway harbour alaska pedicab skagway dyea alaska railroad dock resident pair bald eagles harbour fishing returning passengers bird ocean boat cruise eagle wildlife mountain cruise ship tourism birds sailing gliding
pickerel creek camp pickerel creek camp  fishing  hunting  adventure!           pickerel creek camp fishing hunting adventure deer moose bear grouse fun perrault ontario canada primetime bucks xii 12
(sold) 126 church hill ave north rustico near lantern hill beach cavendish charlotteton pei house completely renovated since this video, and price lowered to $139,900 for an immediate sale.  (4/28/13)  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is 126 church hill avenue in north rustico, 6km from cavendish. located near green gables, hope river, stanley bridge, bayview, springbrook, st. ann, toronto, new glasgow, rustico, rusticoville, cymbria, anglo rustico, and north rustico harbour. located north-west of charlottetown, north of the confederation bridge in borden, north-east from kensington, and north-north-east of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
41 camp rd. oceanfront beach house for sale miscouche view of confederation bridge pei  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance. this is 41 camp road, miscouche, waterfront/oceanfront. near linkletter, st. nicholas, summerside, wellington, union corner, muddy creek, st. raphael, mont carmel, sherbrooke, prince edward island (pei) canada. located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. royalty free music provided by apple itunes. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
manitoulin island home, selling kathy's house selling my neighbors house on manitoulin island. in the west island village of silver water. phone: 1705-586-1992- she is disabled and elderly and needs it sold. asking only $119000.00 for the home, garage, two sheds and 25 acres maple/mixed forest. all information and contact # on video.  i hope to get a great new neighbor who loves gardening, fishing, hunting and the country as i do. see you when you move in, linda home stead small country property garage for sale house cottage island farm maple syrup fishing hunting home buy manitoulin island (geographical feature)
gopro a new zealand trip first thing i did in 2014 was go on a month-long trip to new zealand. i hopped on a bus tour company called stray and met some fun friends along the way. skydiving, night-time eel fishing, go-kart/luge, bungee jumping, skydiving, water-falls, singing around campfires, boot-throwing competitions, spelunking, glow-worm cave exploring, peeing off of mountains, goat hunting, kayaking with dolphins, climbing glaciers, helicopter rides, skeet shooting, naked pictures in front of epic scenery... to name a few. you name it, it was done here.  enjoy!  cheers, derek   for more fun videos and articles, be sure to subscribe and check out  -or- instagram:  twitter:  vimeo:  derekmeetsworld travel photography videography backpacking new zealand (country) boats mountains tongariro national park (protected site) mount tongariro (mountain) eels fishing gopro hero 3 hero 2
pche de gros dors en soire rservoir gouin canada belle capture du membre de fishingquebec adventure louis-charles delisle. un magnifique dor jaune de 7.5 lbs et 27 pouces. cette prise  t ralis au jigg de couleur chartreuse dans 6 pieds d'eau seulement! au mme endroit le membre olivier weber  ralis trois superbe capture, deux dor jaune de 7 lbs et un autre de six lbs avec le mme appts. pche dor jaune canada fishing rservoir gouin mauricie latuque lbs quebec qubec
sandy lake lodge offers a visual description of this newfoundland hunting and fishing lodge. sandy lake lodge newfoundland fishing lodges hunting canadian trips bear hint trophy fly trout outfitters guides moose lodge resorts caribou
simple tin can camp stove !!bush-craft with spidermatt in this video, i show you my pineapple can camp stove i use while fishing or out hiking ,it's lightweight  & takes small pieces of wood.this cools in less than 3 minutes and boils water in about 5 minutes.using  magnesium and a knife to light the fire.------------------please like ,sub & share. thanks, spidermatt   check out my other vids :  pineapple juice applejuice fishing camping stove lightweight how to bushcraft simple hiking easy prospecting canada spidermatt tin can fire magnesium knife survival coffee
setting day 2016 naufrage harbour timelapse of lobster fishing boats leaving naufrage harbour, pei to set traps on the first day of fishing season. video shot from 05:20 to 06:20 on saturday april 30th, 2016. sunrise was 05:56. boats depart at 06:00. fisheries officer truck seen sitting on the wharf. this event draws a large crowd as seen lined up on the bridge and wharf. lobster fishing setting day pei naufrage boats timelapse gopro sunrise
mont carmel waterfront real estate for sale pei view confederation bridge & lighthouse cape egmont  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.   this is 2.2 acres of waterfront oceanfront property located in mont carmel. oceanfront property. enjoy views of confederation bridge, ships and boaters, pei's renowned sunrises and sunsets all from your very own beach. your 2.2 acre cleared lot with approximately 200 feet of ocean frontage awaits you on the south shore of pei. 15-20 mins away from the lovely city of summerside and approximately 40 mintes from the confederation bridge. don't miss out on this spectacular property. located near union corner, cap-egmont, cape egmont, maximeville, st. timothee, abram village, urbainville, st. raphael, baie-egmont, st. gilbert, wellington, muddy creek, st. nicholas. located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington, and west of summerside. this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
bwca 2012 camping trip to the boundary waters canoe area near ely mn. fishing and canoeing on wood lake. shot with gopro hd hero 2. entrance #26. bwca walleye small mouth bass ely boundary waters canoe fishing camping gopro hd hero 2
lummi island wild reefnet launch 2015 on july 14, 2015 lummi island wild launched their fleet of reefnet gears into legoe bay. learn more about sustainable salmon fishing at    lummi lummi island salmon fishing legoe bay reefnet
great lakes research with clarkson university professor thomas holsen and graduate student mark omara  are fishing for clues that will reveal possible new contaminants threatening the great lakes. holsen and omara are taking samples of the water, air and even the wildlife to give us a window into potential threats to the great lakes. for more information on their work head to  fishing emerging contaminates clarkson unversity environmental research great lakes (body of water) lake ontario (lake) epa united states environmental protection agency (government agency) pcbs
visit northeast washington:  it's real life- adventure find your next adventure in northeast washington, where instead of stress, you'll experience a life well-lived. here you'll find the perfect base camp to launch an epic hike or world-class fishing trip, play 27 holes of golf or ski down some of the best powder in the northwest. with hundreds of miles of trails waiting for you, you're sure to find the perfect path into the back country. this is what real life feels like. northeast washington adventure outdoor travel kayaking golf skiing boating fishing horseback riding trails colville national forest atv mountain biking chewelah colville republic wa sullivan lake pend orielle waitts lake kettle crest kettle river
diy biting fly trap hat - cheap, easy and it works! in this video i show you how to make a cheap and effective biting fly trap hat.  this is great for gardening, walking in the woods, fishing...for men and women.  i have seen hats like this for more than $25.  this cost me pennies and works fantastic. see the proof at the end of the video.  seriously, who cares what it looks like, when it's keeping those nasty biters off of you?  you will need: tree insect band tape (found at the garden center) scissors ball cap 2 each-paper clips and safety pins disposable gloves to handle the sticky paper  thank you for watching and i hope you will please do the following to help a girl out:  subscribe share like +1  love ya, see ya, bye!  peace, liz  follow me on:  facebook:   twitter:       pinterest:    biting fly sticky hat sticky fly trap hat fly trap flies diy do it yourself easy cheap camping fishing hunting hiking sticky fly hat walking walking the dog gardening outdoors working outdoors biting flies deer flies horse flies insects bites summer bugs
vacationing on lake vermilion, mn, part 2 lodging, attractions, fishing, etc. everything you need to know about vacationing on lake vermilion, minnesota. part 2 of 2. tourism resort cabin houseboat camping travel lake nature adventure holiday culture destination fishing
mattaseunk lake camp - maine lakefront for sale maine lakefront camp for sale on mattaseunk lake in southern aroostook county maine. located with direct access to atv and snowmobile trails. great maine hunting and fishing location. see more information at  maine waterfront property maine lakefront for sale maine real estate atv snowmobile maine land for sale boating sailing fishing hunting swimming beach lake (ontology class) real estate (industry) boat water kayaking (sport)
motel wawa on parkway motel motel wawa on parkway motel (705) 856-7020 are you looking for the perfect holiday spot? parkway motel is the premier choice for your destination vacation. nestled in one of canada's most beautiful scenic locations, we are surrounded by great places to fish, hunt, play golf, and so much more. choose a motel that is a . . . "clean and quiet place to relax!"  our motel offers delightful accommodations, with recently renovated rooms with accommodations for one or two people. our rooms include comfortable queen size beds, free wi-fi, television with dvd, a microwave, mini fridge, and coffee. we are located near some of the area's most admirable natural environments, and the list of activities surrounding the site span from unforgettable fishing adventures to golf and big game hunting. our motel is pet friendly and we have a luxurious picnic and barbecue area for all of our guests to enjoy.  call parkway motel in wawa, on today at 800-380-1525 and experience a motel with all the amenities you need for the perfect holiday getaway. motel wawa on parkway motel (705) 856-7020  motel hotel vacation rentals lodge fishing area wawa ontario
catch shares alaska's halibut population is now growing, and so are the revenues of its fishers.  for many years, alaska's halibut fisheries were in decline.  poor management resulted in dangerous, sometimes fatal fishing practices.  now, there is a solution: the catch shares system. public service announcements state government grassroots outreach environment deadliest catch mike rowe halibut fishing quota sitka alaska
19 robins way oceanfront beach house for sale miscouche view of confederation bridge pei ives pt.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent".  the only agent you will ever need for information on any listing from any broker or agent in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance. this is 33 camp road, miscouche, waterfront/oceanfront. near linkletter, st. nicholas, summerside, wellington, union corner, muddy creek, st. raphael, mont carmel, sherbrooke, prince edward island (pei) canada. located west of charlottetown, west of the confederation bridge in borden, west from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com. camera used was a sony hdr-hc7 and/or canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. royalty free music provided by apple itunes. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
crystal palace last day of fun ! moncton, nb, canada had to make this vid for the past so that some may reflect what crystal palace used to be. bass pro fishing will be moving in now. thanks for watching last day play game fun games playing moncton moncton nb new brunswick sad day septemper 1st 2014 amusement park (industry) crystal palace amusement park (amusement park) new brunswick (canadian province) canada (country) bass pro fishing take over
herring roe fishery off the east coast of vancouver island this is a herring roe fishery being prosecuted by the strait of georgia seine boat fleet off the east coast of vancouver island.  it was our wake up call this morning.  there were about sixty vessels fishing off our back porch since before dawn. my thanks to the skipper and crew of the royal pacific for setting their net outside our back window. herring roe fishery seine boat fleet georgia strait fishing
cbc news compass remote controlled aerial quadcopter drone video camera real estate pei canada gopro please subscribe, like, share, & comment.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing globally and socially.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. this is a quick video that covers my appearance on cbc tv july 10th, 2013 in regards to remotely controlled quad-copters performing aerial video and aerial pictures. this video was done by videographer michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, epro, recs, from century 21 northumberland (1987) limited in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, commercial, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers.  michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x.  cameras used canon xh-a1s, sony hdr-hc7, sony hdr-pj760v, samsung hmx-w300, and gopro hero 3 black edition.  computer used apple imac and final cut pro x.  aircraft/quadcopter: dji phantom with garmin gtu10. this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863 charlottetown office: century 21 colonial real estate pei 111 st peters road charlottetown  pe  c1a 5p1   canada  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, prince edward island real estate association (peirea), and crea (canadian real estate association) mls id # n/a. video youtube link:  and  prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment dji phantom gtu10
2010 pointcast #2 tony tries his hand at cedar point's new fishing charters, departing daily from the cedar point marina. frish fry friday! cedar point fishing boating lake erie perch
mountains and arrows - jenna-lee's passion - season three we continue our conversation with jenna-lee from devon energy who shares her passion for the outdoors -- quading, fishing, dirt-biking and hunting. michael short let's go outdoors outdoors mary hulbert alberta devon energy alberta tourism ep04 canada hunting outfitting bow hunting devon canada women hunters atv dirt biking quading outdoor photography fishing
(sold) 342 sou-west huntley pei seen in new york times pilot established homes national tv show hgtv reduced to $499,000. (sold and closed!) new! featured on the national tv show at home: 30 minute version of this property can be found at:     |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, is your "high definition real estate agent" -- marketing your property socially and globally.  the only realtor you will ever need for information on any mls or non-mls listing from any broker, agent, or private seller in prince edward island canada.  prince edward island canada real estate; travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, deep sea fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, nature walks, bird watching, parasailing, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, riverfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, agricultural, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments/multi-unit, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your opportunity. mls description: a wonderful surprise greets you as you drive down a quiet country road in western pei. 29 acres of strawberry, blueberry, and raspberry patches along with a 10 acres tree farm leads up to this 25 yr. old home, which looks like a copy of a southern manor home. completely remodeled several years ago. 6 bedrooms and 5.5 bathrooms mean you can be comfortable with family and friends, a huge kitchen with granite island and seating for the family and friends, a large deck off the galleries to the guest house, a japanese garden with koi pond and pergola off the gallery to the utility wing, the pillared back of the house looking over the salt water to the gazebo. a perfect summer home made year round comfortable by 6 heating zones. a fireplace, and huge amounts of insulation. many more things make your life easy here. perennial gardens, park like setting, close to sandy beaches, golf courses, and water park. low maintenance make this home a treat for the lucky owner and fun for all. this home has been featured in the new york times, and this video was prepared for a television show called "established home" that will hopefully make it to national television or hgtv. i would appreciate it if you would share your thoughts, opinions, and comments as well as "like" the video, and subscribe to my channel. located near alberton, northport, brooklyn, huntley, kildare, st. felix, lorretta, rosebank, mill river east, cascumpec bay, bloomfield provincial park, woodstock, bloomfield, st. edwards, ebbsfleet, waterford, pleasant view, kildare capes, and fishermen's haven provincial park. located west of charlottetown, the confederation bridge in borden, kensington, and summerside. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  and google plus at:   mpoczynek.com.  connect and recommend me on linkedin at:    i am also on pinterest, tumblr, myspace, blogspot, digg, and reddit. michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs, has been a leading and top producing real estate agent with century 21 northumberland since 1997 and specializes in dealing with off island buyers & sellers. he prefers to work with waterfront/oceanfront, recreation, relocations, luxury, investment, income (multi-family, apartments, strip malls, retail centres), commercial, & development properties in pei and across canada.   michael can be reached at all times at (902)888-8860. royalty free music provided by apple itunes.  sound effects by apple final cut pro x. this video pre and post production by:   michael poczynek, crs, abr, cias, cdpe, epro, recs century 21 northumberland (1987) limited 629 water street east  summerside  pe  c1n 4v6   canada (902)888-8860 or 1-888-295-6863  realtor.ca, mls.ca, icx.ca, cls.ca, and prince edward island real estate board crea (peirea) mls # 13067603. video youtube link:  and   other royalty free visit obtained from:    yes, i can! prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house for sale homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment new york times hgtv
maritime museum, halifax - canada hd travel channel whenever you travel to canada don't miss the maritime museum of the atlantic in halifax. the museum is dedicated to seafaring has several changing exhibitions. the main collection is composed of shipping equipment from different eras and provides a comprehensive overview of the history of seafaring and fishing. a second large collection shows model ships whose main piece is the detailed replica of the rms franconia ii, the famous ship of the cunard line. a special section deals with the titanic, who collided with an iceberg 600 miles off halifax. at that time the dead, injured and survivors were then taken to halifax. the original protocol of the radio messages documenting the events of that night document is also shown besides many original objects from the doomed ship. another exhibition is dedicated to the vikings and her landing in newfoundland. parts of the  exhibits originate from sweden. ...... please read more:    viele kanada-reisende lassen sich einen besuch im  maritime museum of the atlantic in halifax nicht entgehen. das museum hat sich ganz der seefahrt verschriebenen und besitzt mehrere wechselnde einzelausstellungen.  die hauptsammlung gilt schiffsausrstungsgegenstnden aus verschiedenen epochen und bietet einen umfassenden berblick ber die geschichte der seefahrt und der fischerei. eine zweite groe kollektion zeigt modellschiffe, deren hauptstck der detailgetreue nachbau der rms franconia ii ist, des bekannten schiffs der cunard line.  eine sonderausstellung befasst sich mit der titanic, die 600 seemeilen vor halifax auf einen eisberg auflief. tote, verletzte und berlebende wurden damals nach halifax gebracht. neben vielen objekten, die vom unglcksschiff stammen,  wird auch das originalprotokoll der funksprche gezeigt, welches die ereignisse jener nacht dokumentieren. eine weitere ausstellung, deren exponate zum teil aus schweden stammen, ist den wikingern und ihrer landung in neufundland gewidmet.  ...... weitere infos im reisevideoblog:  maritime museum halifax atlantic atlantik canada travel high-definition video rms franconia titanic cunard line reise video hd ocean boat eisberg originalprotokoll funksprche wikinger schiffsausrstung seefahrt fischerei modellschiffe museum exhibition shipping equipment seafaring fishing iceberg radio message document original vikings newfoundland rms titanic history urlaub holiday full hd kanada tourism culture documentary travel channel nova scotia myvideomedia
black bear black bear near fishing spot alaska bear fishing
when animals attack just a video i shot while we were out fishing.got really close to him an then he attacked me crazy owl fishing hennigers nature dam outdoor animal owls southern alberta wildlife outdoors hunting wilderness
adirondack coast - plattsburgh | visitadirondacks.com visitadirondacks.com the adirondack coast lies along historic lake champlain in clinton county of new york state. the coastal towns and accessible locations have many activities to enjoy along the coast like road biking, boating, bass fishing, music events and the arts. explore the adirondack coast on your next vacation!  new york adirondacks travel tourism hiking paddling fishing birding camping boating outdoor recreation adk adirondack ny upstate ny adirondack mountains golf aerial tour aerial video canoeing kayaking plattsburgh golfing clinton county ny lake champlain
1977 memories of backing off the traps in rustico pei the avonlea showband  "backing off the traps" composed by neil matthews - lead vocalist  leon gallant.  track #1 song  taken from our cd 'songs from the shanty   to an old super8 silent film of lobster fishing off the coast of north rustico, located on the north shore of prince edward island in 1977. north rustico prince edward island lobster fishing avonlea showband pei
roberval sb 23-02-13 1080hd lac-saint-jean sled ride. fishing cabin on ice. view from 3 miles out of beach. winter 2013. motoneige ski-doo sled snowmobile lac saint jean roberval ville de roberval winter fishing cabin snow 2013
168 wharf rd. cape traverse pei real estate oceanview oceanfront b&b 5-star confederation bridge sold 5/14/14. reduced to $399,000 as of july 2/13. reduced (6/22/12): from $599,877 to $499,877.  |  |  |  |  | call toll free 1-888-295-6863 or direct (902)888-8860.  michael poczynek is your "high definition real estate agent". prince edward island real estate travel, tourism, vacations, rentals, retirement, lobster, boating, fishing, scenic drives, golfing, kayaking, investment, and more.  if you are on prince edward island visiting or here to purchase pei waterfront, oceanfront, acreage, land, lots, recreational, development, residential, farm, income property, seasonal rentals, apartments, commercial real estate or retirement real estate contact michael poczynek now.  if you have always wanted to own pei real estate, now is your chance.  this is $1,000,000 home (as me why) that is offered at a very reasonable $599,877.  formerly operating as a 5-star bed & breakfast with canada select rating. ocean/beach waterview real estate west of charlottetown pei located in cape traverse near new brunswick, borden, and the confederation bridge (longest bridge over ice water [in the winter] in the world). near augustine cove, tryon, chelton, fernwood, bedeque, freetown, kinkora, albany, victoria, confederation bridge. prince edward island.   located 22 km south east of summerside, 39 km south west of charlottetown, 6 km north east of the confederation bridge in borden, 23 km from kensington.  this video was done by michael poczynek from century 21 northumberland in summerside, prince edward island, canada.  michael has specialized in oceanfront, waterfront, land, recreation, income, and development properties in prince edward island including summerside, charlottetown, malpeque bay, cavendish, rustico (home of the best lobster), north cape (windmills), kensington, anne of green gables, hunter river, souris, alberton, o'leary, stratford, east point, darnley, lower darnley, seaview, spring valley, irishtown, long river, french river, burlington, and more since 1997. direct link to photos and videos at:   and   also be sure to check out prince edward island's largest collection of aerial photos at   follow me on twitter for instant video updates and more at   make sure you join my mailing list at    visit my blog at    add me as a friend on facebook at:  camera used was a canon xh-a1s.  edited via final cut pro x on an apple imac. prince edward island real estate pei canada waterfront for sale realty aerial properties century 21 c21 oceanfront p.e.i. vacation travel tourism lobster cavendish summerside charlottetown rustico souris alberton o'leary borden confederation bridge anne of green gables tignish hunter river miscouche stratford nova scotia new brunswick newfoundland house homes fishing beach golfing tours recreational development residential farm apartment retirement investing video land
lost footage of winter fun 09/10 (+bonus elusive bigfoot footage!) came across some never before processed footage from last winter (09/10) of some fun times in the city of dryden. these include some video of the winter carnival, the ice road and fishing huts, snowmobiling, snowkiting and other good stuff. also came across some rare scenes of the elusive bigfoot that we captured. (the scenes, not the bigfoot! lol)  enjoy! arctic cat zl440 bigfoot fishing jethro deer dryden ontario winter carnival horses snowmobile snow ice road truckers travel log hiking skiing wildlife paranormal
adventures in la mauricie national park 3 days of camping, hiking, fishing and kayaking in la mauricie national park with good friends :)    music  bohkeh:  hiking mountains quebec road trip montreal exploring discovering travelling friends nature vlog adventures camping mauricie la mauricie national park parc national de la mauricie canada shawinigan kayaking fishing weekend canoe-camping
juneau alaska tour of city and mount roberts tramway in wet weather juneau alaska is the state's landlocked capital city. weather in juneau is humid and wet with rain falling an average of 230 days per year and an annual rainfall of 62.5 inches per year and snowfall of 86+ inches per year.  tours in juneau that attract the most attention from tourists are mendenhall glacier, tracy arm fjord, and local fishing and whale watching excursions.  if you're visiting by cruise ship and are looking for really easy and simple tours in juneau hop on the mount roberts tram and tour the easy trails at the top or take a tour of juneau on a local tour bus.  juneau weather is very predictable. it's likely to rain during your visit but you can still enjoy the magnificent views from the top of the mount roberts tram provided it isn't too foggy.  be sure to bring a compact umbrella and wear a rain resistant overcoat or windbreaker and you can still enjoy juneau rain or shine.   people are always asking me how i made these videos with cool fx. if you're interested in how i made this video on my home computer and the software i used here is a link:   note: this video is an original work created from photos taken during a visit to juneau while on an alaskan cruise aboard the ms volendam. i created animaitons and graphic with photo and video editing software.  music by kevin mac leod sunshine by kevin macleod is licensed under a cc attribution 3.0.  ********************************************************************************************* creative commons license  permissions beyond the scope of this license are available at  music by kevin macleod is licensed under a cc attribution 3.0. ********************************************************************************************* juneau (us county) mount roberts tramway (tourist attraction) alaska (us state) juneau weather tours in juneau attractions things to do red dog saloon cruise ships alaska cruises fishing united states of america (country) cruise ship (ship type) travel adventure tourism (industry)
adirondack lakes region | visitadirondacks.com  - the adirondack lakes region is located in franklin county in the state of new york. the adirondack lakes region is a wonderful destination for canoeing, kayaking, fishing, golfing exploring hiking trails and bird watching. explore the adirondack lakes for your next vacation! adirondacks tupper lake saranac lake malone franklin county new york new york adirondacks travel tourism hiking paddling fishing birding camping boating outdoor recreation adk adirondack ny upstate ny adirondack mountains golf aerial tour aerial video canoeing kayaking st. regis canoe wilderness canoe wilderness river park mountain
a guided video tour of narrows west by president/owner chad olafson. this is a guided tour of the narrows west area as shown to you by president/owner chad olafson.  narrows west is a great area for hunting, fishing, summer fun, and winter fun.  whatever you would like to do with your family, come spend some time with narrows west summer fun lake manitoba camping fishing fishing lake manitoba
juneau, alaska 2008 my friend ethel has a sister that lives in juneau, alaska.  so i jumped at the chance for a visit.  we took a trip through tracy arm fjord to see sawyer glacier. there was so much ice in the water (in july!) that we couldn't get close to one of the glacial edifices. we saw a black bear walking along the edge of a cliff. we also went kayaking with the bald eagles in sitka as well as mendenhall lake, where we paddled between icebergs, explored the foot of a 600-foot waterfall, and got right up to the face of the glacier.  we went halibut fishing and got our butts kicked (those things are freakin' strong!) we also saw a pair of humpback whales feeding, and got to follow them for a few hours.  we packed a lot of fun into a week, but i'd go back in a heartbeat! juneau alaska tracy arm fjord sawyer glacier mendenhall icebergs sea lion orca whales harbor seal fishing halibut calving glacier kayaking kayak waterfall bear humpback whales.
beautiful waterfront home for sale in warroad, minnesota beautiful waterfront home for sale...in warroad, mn. three bedroom- 3-1/2 bath, 2- custom made kitchens, 3900+ sq. ft. home with detached 3 car garage.  new dock, 2 decks and concrete driveway.  easy access to the world class fishing.......walleye, muskies, bass, northern. priced below market at $299,000. can be viewed easily.  contact me today for more info! e: aliceanderson56@gmail.com  interested parties only, please! waterfront fishing home for sale warroad minnesota marvin windows walleye bass musky muskie northern 3900 sq. ft dock deck garage riverfront riverview 3-bedroom 3 1/2 bath beautiful
the great bear rainforest i was fortunate enough to explore the great bear rainforest and its surroundings with tyson wheatley, jordan herschel and julia crawford. from sea to sky, we travelled on fishing boats, kayaks, floatplanes and helicopters. we stood on mountaintops. we swam in the sea. we wandered through giants.  --  director/cinematographer: kalum ko     made possible by: hellobc     featuring: tyson wheatley, jordan herschel and julia crawford     music:  odesza - always this late      canada (country) british columbia (canadian province) hellobc destination bc tourism bc bella coola great bear rainforest (location) tyson wheatley jordan herschel kalum ko ko films tourism (interest) adventure travel nature culture helicopter (invention) fishing hiking (sport)
let's play the legend of zelda twilight princess part 2: feeding cats and entertaining kids we start off by fishing, and boy do we catch a whopper! let's try to match that beauty. we do, but a cat takes off with it.     we collect some rupees, enough for a slingshot, then show how good our aim is to the village kids. inside my house we have a wooden sword, now the kids want to see that in action.     they want to chase down a monkey, and we follow. let's play the legend of zelda twilight princess live commentary nintendo wii gameplay playthrough walkthrough link triforce ordon village faron woods epona ilia hearts heart pieces rupee slingshot sword shield hyrule hylia colin fishing rod bottle midna zant ganondorf power wisdom courage musouka23 legend zelda video gamemoblin
moving the lobster factories 8mm footage shot by my father, harold phillips, in february 1962. my great-grandfather, ernest a. hardy, operated a lobster canning factory on the sandhills at hardy's channel, pei from 1901 - 46.  he was also the lighthouse keeper of the hardy's channel lighthouse. after his death, his sons used the factory buildings as a base for their lobster fishing operations.  in 1961, milligan's wharf was built and they moved the remaining factory buildings there. this footage shows the old cookhouse being hauled across the ice by a large plow driven by harry ramsay.  also shown is the preparation to move one of the buildings from david smith's factory. pei sandhills lobsters canada fishing milligans wharf prince edward island hardy's channel
wildlife of haines alaska this footage was taken over a few days while fishing for pink and sockeye salmon in the chilkoot river in haines, alaska. the salmon run brings all kinds of wildlife to the riverbank to feed on the delicious and nutritious tough guys - grizzly's, eagles, ravens, seals and of course humans. sharing the river with wildlife, a balance of respect and sustainability is important, especially when it comes to the grizzly's!  one bear, the lone bear seen eating fish in the river toward the second half of the video, is an old friend of mine.  bmj is 29 years old now (born the same year as me) and i remember seeing her over several years, sometimes with a cub or three.  she has had over 9 cubs in her lifetime but i don't think many have survived due to tourists claiming them to be a "nuisance" when they have gotten into fish coolers. sadly the solution was to kill them because they had gotten used to feeding themselves this way and weren't able to fish for themselves.  apparently the last couple of cubs did survive due to rangers efforts to minimize contact between bears and humans. typically grizzly's live to be between 20-30 years old in the wild.  i hope she lives out the last few years in peace after losing so many of her babies. grizzly grizzly bear (animal) alaska (us state) animal (film genre) haines fishing nature bears eagle salmon chilkoot river (river) wildlife (film subject)
baby fawn fishing in the river and came across this little guy, exhausted, yet still trying to cross the river.  i picked him up and set him down across the river bank where his mother was up the hill watching the whole thing.  once in a lifetime experience. deer babyfawn river fishing animals wildlife babydeer
lake terror a family goes fishing on a lake.  it's not how your day begins, it's how your day ends! attack activity adventure tourism kids beautiful activities entertainment art film rowing (sport) camera fishing canada summer how to nature rowing family fiction lake boat 2013 view children funny clark cinema cove creative adventures water movie safety action film camping day short british columbia chilproductions kids (film) short film (tv genre)
experience temagami experience the wonders of temagami! with remarkable old growth forests, miles of trails, camping, hunting, or fishing! experience the view of the caribou mountain fire tower, or relax on a dock and enjoy the sunset!   for more information, please visit us online:  temagami new liskeard north bay temiskaming shores ontario expeience fire tower forest lakes outdoors explore travel canoe camping fishing canada
plum point motel on the viking trail plum point motel is located within the scenic communities of plum point - bird cove - pond cove in the heart of newfoundland's great northern peninsula. it is a popular stopover for travellers along the viking trail as it is centrally located between major stops in gros morne and l'anse aux meadows.  however, it also offers many great adventures in the immediate area that will make you want to prolong your stay.   fishing, exploring and great adventures are just a short drive away. enjoy the natural splendor of the region and discover many nearby fascinating historical attractions.  50 centuries interpretation centre in bird cove will take you back 50 centuries in 50 minutes or opt for longer tours that can take you on breathtaking trails to actual excatvated sites and see many rare plants.  after a delicious dinner at old ferrole restaurant within the motel ,take the walkway just behind to where you can look across old ferrole harbour where basque fishermen first used the port in the 1500's or contemplate the anchorage where captain cook had his ship, the grenville, moored for several days in the autumn of 1764.  a safe harbour for centuries will also provide you with a great place to stay and explore! visit  for more info! plum point motel 50 centuries bird cove old ferrole basque hiking travel tourism moose caribou whales icebergs captain james cook historic fishing hunting meetings conferences weddings
bowman bay in deception pass state park washington state this is s video taken august 25, 2012 from the fishing pier in bowman bay which is part of deception pass state park on the fidaglo island side. this park spans whidbey and fidalgo islands in washinton state a great place for a camping trip with the kids or spend a weekend hiking or just a day kayaking. this is the most popular state park in washington state gettingas many if not more visitors each year than mount rainier national park. bowman bay in deception pass state park kayaking hiking backpacking fishing ocean views pudget sound tourism photography birdwatching marine life bridge deception pass (body of water) washington (state)
john's pass: florida vlog #2 | kate lauren the family vacation continues! join us on a day trip to john's pass, a historic fishing village, and an all-american day of shopping and eating!  my other florida vlogs: florida vlog #1:  florida vlog #3:   ______________________________   subscribe here:    new videos every thursday & sunday!  ______________________________  where to find me   blog |   twitter |   facebook |   pinterest |   instagram |   ______________________________  what i use to film / edit   camera | canon eos rebel t3i 18 mp digital slr camera:   lens | canon ef 50mm f/1.4 usm lens:   lighting | natural daylight or cowboystudio continuous lighting kit:   audio | takstar sgc-598 microphone:   software | imovie v10.0.9  everything mentioned above (and my other tech stuff!) can be found in my amazon store:  ______________________________  shopping links / coupon codes    audible | get 2 free books and a 30-day free trial:    ebates (how i earn cash back on 95% of my online shopping!) canada sign-up:  u.s. sign-up:  a blog post i wrote explaining how it works:    erin condren | get $10 off:    uber | get $20 off your first ride:  ______________________________  ftc / disclaimer  this is not a sponsored video. some affiliate links were used above. video blog (website category) vlog florida vacation family trip john's pass fishing shopping target pizza holiday vlogging
the beach:  roque bluffs, maine the daley family of calais, maine are enjoying roque bluff state park in the town of rogue bluff about six miles off us route 1, is a unique day use area. with its pebble beach on the ocean and freshwater pond, it provides both fresh and saltwater swimming. dramatic cliffs along maine's bold coast provide for spectacular views and for early-risers, dramatic sunrises.  it's a wonderful secluded park that lies between great cove and the little kennebec bay in maine. it is a seasonal park -- meaning that it is open during the summer months. here you can enjoy both saltwater and freshwater swimming, take a leisurely stroll along the beach and discover the minute species of maritime life that cling to the rocks along the coast. you might come upon rounded gray rocks and/or water sculptured ocean glass. in addition, there are picnic areas with tables, grills, and a children's playground. fishing is allowed and there is a boat launch. fishing beach waves ocean sand outdoors surf dan daley shannon jordan bike atlantic swimming surfing funny sea sealife snails crabs roque bluffs maine lighthouse sail sailboat picnic bay cruise kits boats nature sailing summer seaweed seagull peaceful outhouse picnictable shower coast coastline blue sky clouds
boundary waters 2011-malberg lake campsite a brief walk thru of our campsite on malberg lake in the bwca, june 26, 2011. fishing bwca adventure brother camping canoeing river water holiday summer fun arc family survival kayak outdoor tent weekend travel village outdoors lake wilderness hiking cabin camper hyde bridge hunting lullaby rafting flood rocks flows park falls crossing hudson big
tracker boats - tc marine proud to announce that tracker boats has joined the tc marine family! boats for sale used boats for sale. boats for sale ontario fishing tracker
northern tier - packing portage pack learn how to pack a portage pack at northern tier. ely minnesota bwcaw boundary waters canoe area wilderness (protected site) boy scouts of america (organization) bsa atikokan bissett portaging portage canoe canoeing (sport) fishing duluth pack high adventure
petite cascapedia 2012 saumon film with gopro une belle journe de pche sur la petite cascapdia 3 saumons piqus et une remise  l'eau saumon petite cacapedia rivire pche salmon fishing gaspsie sage gopro peche au fly
snorkeling (part 1) - roatn - honduras - 2016  roatan honduras snorkeling plonge apne tubas scuba fishes fish poisson poissons caraibes 2016 trip voyage henrymorgan westbay flowerbay beautiful nature water turquoise sea ocean resort
     tooooooooooooooooooooooooooooop************ 15548
kayak trip to cape breton labour day  2013 labour day 2013 visit to polletts cove cape breton from pleasant bay to low land cove cyberlink powerdirector11 roger mainville
capt john gets the boat ready for 2010 recorded on march 19, 2010 using a flip video camcorder. flipshare
alaska extreme bike-canotto 2011 the lost coast avventura estrema "la linea immaginaria" :18 giorni di esplorazione pura in una delle zone pi remote dell'alaska e del pianeta.  la costa selvaggia che si affaccia sul golfo dell'alaska dell'oceano pacifico.   da yakutat a cordova.  con la bici ed un piccolo canotto maurizio ha percorso circa 500 km di costa fatta di spiagge di ogni tipo, sabbia, sassi, alghe, fango, paludi, boschi, fiumi, baie.  purtroppo il mal tempo lo ha accompagnato per 15 giorni e si  scatenato spesso molto furioso che ha reso difficile e lentissima la progressione specialmente nella parte finale.  infatti era stato stimato di impiegare circa 15 giorni con alcuni giorni di riposo.  non  stato cos ed il cibo misurato anche se razionato negli ultimi giorni  mancato completamente gli ultimi 2 giorni.   tutto era bagnato nell'ultima settimana, vestiti, sacco a pelo, l'acqua non si poteva filtrare ed era possibile bere solamente l'acqua piovana sporca di fango poche ore di sonno e tanta fame.  la parte finale per raggiungere la pista che porta al villaggio di cordova era sommersa di fango, detriti ed il dedalo di fiumi creato in questa grandissima area fangosa era impetuoso, la nebbia faceva da sfondo e con il suo manto avvolgeva ogni cosa dandone un aspetto spettrale, maurizio  stato costretto a rinunciare all'obiettivo completo, dopo vari tentativi per attraversare quest'area.  tentativi rischiosi che mettevano troppo a rischio la sua incolumit, falliti con cadute in acqua e grandi scivoloni tra i tronchi ammassati .  la decisione molto sofferta ma sicuramente la pi razionale e necessaria  stata quella di chiamare un elicottero della guardia costiera americano.  mancavano meno di 5 km.  comunque una grande e unica avventura che dimostra ancora una volta che i sogni con determinazione ed esperienza possono essere realizzati. baia golfo bike mountain lost ride bicycle cycling riding biking dirt fishing cordova yakutat alaska golfo oceano pacifico spiaggia rocce canotto pagaiare onde viaggi estremi in bicicletta
aerial baie ste anne internet an aerial view of baie ste anne youtube media baiesteanne aerialview nb newbrunswick flying airplane helicopter baie ste anne fishing lobstrf peat moss escuminac eel river manual
belle isle park detroit michigan belle isle, officially belle isle park, is a 982-acre (1.534 sq mi) island park in the detroit river, between the united states mainland and canada. owned by the city of detroit, it is managed as a state park by the michigan department of natural resources through a 30 year lease initiated in 2013.[1] belle isle is the largest city-owned island park in the united states and is the third largest island in the detroit river after grosse ile and fighting island. it is connected to mainland detroit by the macarthur bridge.  the island is home to the belle isle aquarium, the belle isle conservatory, the belle isle nature zoo, the detroit yacht club on an adjacent island, the james scott memorial fountain, the dossin great lakes museum, a coast guard station, a municipal golf course and numerous monuments. it also previously housed a nature center where visitors were able to traverse wooded trails and view wildlife natural habitats, a former belle isle zoo, riding stables and the detroit boat club. the island includes a half-mile (800 m) swimming beach.  bell island (geographical feature) belle isle park (location) detroit (city/town/village) tourist destination michigan (us state) tourism (interest) united states of america (country) fishing lake goproud (organization) drone fly search engine marketing (industry) google (award winner) parks and recreation (tv program) puremichigan search engine optimization (interest)
vancouver's island (trailer) vancouver's island is a historical, travel-log of vancouver island. it takes the viewer on a sailing voyage, aboard sv: wyntersea, around vancouver island, provides a glimpse of life aboard a boat and travelling in the wake of george vancouver where he faced the challenges of charting and sounding this region. amid experiences encountered with wildlife of the region are beautiful land and seascapes of this breathtakingly beautiful island.  visit  for other documentaries and for downloads of productions. quadra sailing kayak cycling fishing underwater diving nature scuba hiking reef outdoors tourism travel canada documentary boats wyntersea productions vancouver island linda wasylciw jack wynters george vancouver james cook desolation sound nootka ocean pool
harbercraft 1875 on the south saskatchewan river this is a re-upload from my old account. taken 3 years ago. harbercraft extreme shallow kinfisher extreme shallow ryan wunsch south saskatchewan river leader saskatchewan saskatchewan canada jet boat river boat fishing
northwoods vampires:  leeches vs. walleye minnow (graphic) we were camping on lake 3 in the boundary waters canoe area wilderness.  on the shore by our campsite, someone had made a little reservoir with rocks and sand to keep leeches.  while i was swimming, i caught a leech that was swimming by, and put it in the reservoir.  later, i found a dead walleye minnow in perfect condition.  i dropped it in with the leech to see whether it would attach to it or not.  a few minutes later, i looked in on it, and was surprised to see that several more leeches had come out of hiding, and that they had already eviscerated the poor minnow.  they were attacking it savagely, and tearing through it like lampreys or hagfish tear into a dead whale.  it was fascinating.    over the next several hours, i shot a few minutes of video every fifteen minutes or so.  by the next morning, the minnow and the leeches had completely disappeared.    i was planning on using music from "jaws" to make a shark attack spoof, but that just didn't work.  i think the vampire theme works much better. walleye minnow leech leeches fishing outdoor sports twilight (series) spoof hagfish lamprey vampires demons ghouls blood suckers gutting evisceration death disgusting feeding frenzy twilight saga new moon eclipse breaking dawn volturi true dracula minnesota north woods northwoods boundary waters canoe area wilderness canada ontario canadian american frontier sangsue ojibway people native americans french voyageurs francais ozagaskwaajime bloodsuckers savage fear shadows dead
bon anniversaire fte d'anniversaire sur l'eau canne  la main fishing walleye saint laurent fishing guide river
always - plane scene scene took from the film always whit annotations :p  *edit* omg thanks 12k view :o* fishing plane luck always
1 crayfish, 1 trout live in less than 1 min. 30 sec. unedited; we were trying to catch a crayfish with a cup to show what a close resemblance they have to lobster, and just as we got a crayfish in a cup, a trout took the bait and the bobber went down. cindy went to pull in the trout and i tried to film it underwater, unfortunately the water here is this red rust color and cindy wanted to land the fish quickly so only a glimpse of the fish. crayfish freshwater rainbow trout fishing lake bc interior underwater video catching tackel fly lakes baby lobster sony handycam mini dv camcorder youtube 1080i google digital vegas editing software suite price digital video cameras external hard flash drive tape camcorders camera filming wildlife nature batteries accessories lenses prosumer professional capture sponsor videography speed recorder basics of equipment yolo jcv jcvdude travel destinations event hd videographer kelowna
ontario school 3d prints new 3d printers for other schools a school in mississauga is using their 3d printer to design and print the parts to build other 3d printers for schools in need.  subscribe to ctv news to watch more videos:   connect with ctv news: for the latest news visit:   for a full video offering visit the ctv news network:   ctv news on facebook:    ctv news on twitter:    watch ctv news on twitter:   ctv news on google+:   ctv news on instagram:   ctv news on pinterest:   ctv news on vine:    --- ctv news is canada's most-watched news organization both locally and nationally, and has a network of national, international, and local news operations. ctv news ctv news 3d printing mississauga schools
petit riviere de tracadie(camp d arm ile de sable) au bord du lac bijou little tracadie river acadien pche aux homamusic acadienne acadie acadian folklorique cajun folk lobster fishing homards violon fidle ironwork ironworker ironworkers steel climbing amazing crazy strenght dardevil stunt action america zachary richard alternative blues classical country electronic folk hip-hop indie jazz pop r&b rap tits sex rock 1755 fayo harmonium desjardin roch voisine
day 2: derby reach regional park   day 2 of "our favourite 30 spots in north langley" is derby reach regional park. north langley fort walnut grove fraser river camping fishing dog park picnic michael thorne
baie ste anne seafood festival-1977-part 1 local musicians entertain baiesteanne acadian acadien acadie acadia festival fishing
rideau view exterior "rideau view" cottage rental on the rideau lakes- exterior walk-around video- clear lake clear lake lake rideau canal fishing cottage rental ontario canada rideau view
boat test   fishing boat
welcome to turner's northwoods adventures website:  facebook:  twitter:  instagram:  phone: 1-807-826-1224 turnersnorthwoods@gmail.com no copyright intended song: where i come from by montgomery gentry manitouwadge welcome adventures hunting fishing ontario canada moose accommodations bear wolf camping
eland met jong , gros morne np deze eland met kleintje liepen in de western brook pond door het water te rennen... eland gros morne
algonquin park camping trip - day 7 - river mischief! vlog ep.32 - algonquin park camping trip - day 7 - river mischief!  please share it with anyone you think might enjoy watching :)  twitter -   blog/website -   __   music   where were you by: evolv, licensed and used with permission.   __   p.s. thanks for watching! :) xx algonquin park algonquin park camping camper chris prouse julia chris for funsies vlogger daily vlogger vlog video blog brent access point camp canoe paddle portage trek hiking hike ontario canada paddling paddler outdoors tent forest backcountry interior camping north cedar lake catfish lake off grid rest day island trail camping trip trip breakfast island campsite tour rain nipissing nipissing river trekking mist canoeing rapids mischief
catching dungeness and red rock crab. how to.  how to catch and clean dungeness crabs off the west coast of vancouver island. red rock crabs are also highlighted in this episode. crabbing is excellent here. dungeness crab red rock crab fishing boating british columbia west coast travel tourism outdoor canada victoria crabs tasty yummy cooking
water window this was an evening project that uses a piece of glass and a length of wood. it's great for seeing clearly through the water as if you were looking into a fish tank. it's handy for bedrock sniping just under the water's surface or for checking to see if there are any fish in the creek before casting a line or maybe for inspecting for cracks in the bedrock. i've seen similar units that use a tube with a round piece of glass at the end, but i like the large window version best, kinda like a big screen tv verses an iphone. i used a piece of photocopier glass because it's hardened but i think you'd do okay with any glass as long as it's thick enough to handle a little abuse. any tub and tile silicon works well. gold prospecting gold panning gold dredging bedrock sniping fishing creek viewing water window water viewing fish viewer bedrock viewer peep window
he wants to start a fire vlog ep 59 we visit bowman lake in glacier national park. vlog vlogging lake bowman lake national park glacier glacier nationa park gnp polebridge montana family fishing flathead river river skipping rocks throwing rocks starting a fire elk nature outdoors fall
alex keszler - gps/locator feature of lund 2010 pro guide professional angler alex keszler shows us one of the innovative features of the lund 2010 pro guide.  the gps and locator command center is just one more reason serious anglers choose a lund boat. 'lund boats' pro staff' '2010 guide' tips & tricks fishing 'alex keszler' 'gps locator command center' 'steve macinnis' 'adventures north' instructions
spectacular pigeon river water fall in slow motion 720p using my sony hdr-sr11, i used the slow motion feature to capture these spectacular scenes of the waterfalls at the pigeon river on the canadian border in minnesota, not far from grand portage. in retrospect, the image quality was considerably degraded by using the slow motion feature, i feel one is better off changing the speed of the video in aftermarket software. it's still one heck of a video though....music is from imovie "free from copywrite usage" music files and not under copywrite in any way. slow motion water water fall park grand portage canadian border river kayaking canoeing hiking trails fishing waterfall meditation relaxation scenery camping state park border zen forest creek rapids fur trade
baby painted turtle he's so small! painted turtle ottawa valley lake
thai shrimp - natural high - backcountry meal review thai shrimp by natural high rated 6 out of 10 with divine influence.  this is our second episode and also presents our guidelines for understanding our meal review rating system.  freeze dried meal.  please comment if you have tried this meal or make a suggestion of one you like better.  you may see your suggestion in our next video.  the setting for this review is norway lake inside puzzle lake provincial park, canada. please rate this video.  thanks!    freeze dried camp food meal review freeze dried meal dehydrated ultra-light econo challenge camping hiking paddling fishing nature backpacking camp food review quick easy shrimp outdoors recipe recipes reviews econo challenge cooking nature tips &amp; tricks wilderness summer thai food (cuisine) kitchen
lci - check clean dry.wmv lake champlain international, inc. shares how anglers can remain at the front lines of conservation by defending our waters from the presence of aquatic invasive species and the real threat they pose to our fisheries. fishing boats
bird trap afracin bird trap pathfinder survival bug out bushcraft scouts scouting primitive skills.traditional archery bone stone tools self reliance navigation orienteering tracking trekking camping backpacking hiking tents campfire fire wool blanket kit emergency preparedness army ranger spear hunting cooking fishing game cleaning meat preservation nature naturalist trapping traps handdrill bowdrill alcohol stove wildlife
lady boot bay shore lineing paddling down the west side of the bay i put the camera on the packs facing the rocky shore line hoping to give viewers a bit of of an idea of just how grand this area is.the end of the video is a swing out and around to the head of the bay and the direction i came from  the quality is not as good as i expected from a vivitar hd camera even if it was just a small point and shoot video model.i will be back in this area in the fall of 2013 and i'll try the same shoot but i will make sure the lens has been cleaned with a microfiber cloth,the battery fresh and a lens hood of some type found to cut the glare.  comments for improving the quality are always welcome. bwca solo canoe camp summer fishing
coulonge river 2014 camp hurontario 16 days trekking up river in kipawa, firing down rapids on the coulonge, and then some of the best white water rafting in the world at esprite rafting company.  cheers to a great trip boys! camp hurontario trip canoeing rapids coulonge river 2014 lit water coulonge river (river) esprite rafting gopro hero3
kayaking the rideau canal  rideau canal (body of water) kayaking (sport) ottawa (city/town/village) canada (country) ontario (canadian province)
motorcycle ride - twillingate, nl, canada ride to twillingate nl from lewisporte nl a stopover at dildo run provincial park twillingate
mosquito repellent warning and porcupine myth if you shoot video in the wilderness, you need to watch this video.  it could save you hundreds on camera repairs down the road.  also in this video, we bust a myth about the porcupine.  thanks for watching.  if you have a story about deet and your camera, please tell us about it in the video comments. deet insect repellent bugs black flies mosquitoes jacket protection nature outdoor hiking camping fishing paddling econo challenge porcupine quill myth busted save money nature hiking outdoors wilderness econo challenge mosquito (organism classification)
diy pulk sled with only a couple weeks of winter left, i finally get out to test my diy pulk sled.    using plans that i found on  we had to make a few modifications that i attempt to explain in the video.    - the plans suggested that you use a paris expedition sled but eventhough the sled is manufactured by a company in montreal, they do not have any canadain dealers??? they are available in the u.s. at a very reasonable price but the cost of shipping one to canada would be almost twice the price of the sled. the sled i used was the pelican snow trek 45     - 1/2" fiberglass fence posts are used in the plans for the rigid pole system but this was another item i could not find locally so i used 3/8" fiberglass chimney sweeping rods.    - my hipbelt required that i de-construct it to remove the webbing and pockets that were on it. i then attached 4 belt loops to the hipbelt before sewing it all back together. running through the belt loops is a length of 2" webbing which forms the actual belt. attached to the 2" are two shorter lengths of 1" webbing that were sewn to create the 5 webbing loops used to connect the poles. after building my hipbelt, i found a tool belt at canadain tire that could be used instead and would have been much easier. the foam padding in the tool belt is not as thick as my belt but would certainly do the job. using the tool belt would only require that you sew on the piece of 1' webbing used for the pole connection loops. pulk sled diy expedition winter camping snowshoe crosscountryski xcountryski hiking ice fishing
houseboats, sailboats, etc. spending a week end  with friends on their   house boat at the lake. had a fabulous time and got a bit of sun burn too   2012 - dianne campbell. all rights reserved center consoles cruisers cuddy cabin motor yachts sail boats pontoon alumium fishing boat motorboat canoe inflatable pontoon (boat) ocean sailing islands marine water royal ships carnival seas yt:stretch=4:3 yt:crop=16:9
minecraft  building a city wall check out the other guys below  tasty glue -  dark knight -  choochitbigtime -  rex4x4_canada -  twocvbloke -  thestuffz -   get a cat shirt today @   ++ tech channel -  ++ music channel:   ++ vlog channel:  ++ facebook:   ++ t-shirts and stuff -  ++ facebook:  ++ twitter:   ++ google+:  ++ instagram: vlogginlife ++ all arcane fire and ice music -  minecraft lets play games video game creeper wall brick fun cooking food fishing vlogginlife
sunny 94's - happy camper on april 30th 2016, sunny 94 and fraserway rv lacombe teamed up  to make one happy camper, by giving away a 2016 starcraft launch 16rb trailer valued at $25,000! lacombe sunny 94 radio contest fraserway rv happy camper camper sunny 94
margaree river 2008/09/01 labour day storm on the margaree river footage from the bridges margaree river cape breton salmon fishing floods bridges
boy scout explorer. 1930s a boy scout and an indian boy travel down river rapids in a canoe and hike through the woods accompanied by an adult indian in the 1930s. to purchase a dvd of this film for personal home use or educational use contact us at questions@archivesfarms.com. to license footage from this film visit:   tfa 120b boy scout indian fishing hunting
eternal return eternal return is a poem celebrating salmon and love. alaska salmon alaska native wrangell alaska fishing poetry poem video poetry words spoken
all original country music. fantastic original country music     in order of appearance            intro music by  bluesy13    honors for this video (1)  #72 - most discussed (this week)) - music - canada mommarox music promotions guitarkittie joebeths johnnyboydmusik kylemarney1 nlowell1 original country unsigned symphonic melodic progressive rock
under the old oak tree relaxing & eating anything green! #38 raising ducks day 46 the older the ducks get the more they are eating different things around the property, they really love eating the leaves off the old oak tree. duck (organism classification) ducks duck raising ducks ducklings white pekin ducklings rouen ducklings white muscovy ducklings white pekin duck rouen duck white muscovy duck water fowl waterfowl adorable cute pekin duck (animal breed) muscovy duck (organism classification) animal husbandry taking care of ducks raising food free range organic free range old oak tree under a tree oak tree
keeper lake an overview of keeper lake outpost. canada ontario nestor falls lake fly-in tourism travel outpost lodge cabin keeper keeper lake fishing
float plane from kasba lake lodge returning to pick us up larry, the pilot for kasba lake lodge, returned to pick us up from our fly out from the lodge earlier in the day. the video is a bit shaky as i was in the guide boat and it was rocking a bit. sballot steven ballot kasba lake lodge fly out canada fishing northern pike arctic grayling lake trout kazan river float plane
notre t sur l'eau bateau 2015 nom du bateau: par l rgal 2150 lsc mercruiser 4.3 efi qubec, qc, canada fleuve st-laurent t en bateau qubec bateau boat ride fleuve st-laurent st-laurent
demo indoor dragon boat festival video by zakaria mahmoudi demo indoor dragon boat festival
41 stop restaurant, denbigh, ontario         41 stop restaurant denbigh, ontario. famous for their western sandwich, schnitzel and pizza ! 41 stop restaurant denbigh ontario wildwood b & b denbigh addington highlands denbigh addington highlands  highway 41
rc boat - misty creek  - viper - gas rc boats - interior hobbies prince george bc  making viper zenoah
kayaking with humpback whales at point adolphus, se alska cathy, karen liam and i met these humpack whales on 9th june 2009 at point adolphus, se alaska on a day when we saw about 20 humpbacks as we paddled. the camera was a waterproof sanyo xacti mounted on a tripod on the deck of my kayak which made it very difficult to manoeuvre  the camera into position.  a lot of guesswork and luck involved in getting the shots. sany0058 12
commercial building for sale in whitewood, saskatchewan, canada 20 x 80 2 floors newly renovated upstairs solid concrete built in 1971 good furnace phase 3 power commercial building for sale whitewood (city/town/village) saskatchewan (canadian province) cash deal canada (country) regina (city/town/village) building for sale for sale commercial building downtown
virtual tour of oregon:  no sound - nature and wild life excellent footage of different regions of oregon, emphasizing nature and wildlife.  nice virtual tour for all interested in this great state.  virtual tour vacation natual oregon silent no sound nature sight seeing fishing wild life
75 hp glascon ski boat  lube + anti bounce idea for motor.wmv doing a yearly leg service on my 75 glascon ski boat with 75 hp chrysler motor cold start ---plus an easy 100 % anti bounce motor support  i made to protect the stern 75 glascon ski boat hp chrysler motor lake waterskiing fishing support fibreglass wakeboard speed glastron boats cruiser lower leg lubrication oil change anti bounce stern supports watercraft pleasure craft do it yourself website cetegory home made
lake superior state university  simulation center building excitement and explaining what the future lssu simulation center will be able to do for our students and regional healthcare professionals lssu simulation center university fishing michigan educational nursing college school student health
new toy!!  230 powerplay conquest boat. still shots and video. merc 330/bravo one. first day with her...winterize tomorrow... :(  330/bravo one boat lake water powerplay conquest hot rod go fast wake erie ohio cleveland formula baja fountain cigarette marine breakwall downtown rock and roll hall of fame burke lakefront edgewater beach whiskey island intake fishing powerquest power quest donzi larson scarab wellcraft chapparal ski beer party
sevylor tahiti 79 k tossdart takes out his 15 year old sevylor inflatable. sevylor inflatable kayak adventure fishing water lake family fun friends alberta canada park camping summer
tipi fire is the best.  "the axe is back project" bushcraft,  i show how effective a tipi fire is as well as a bit of our latest camping trip.  i dislike the adding wood later method as fuel is often consumed or put out by ferocious winds before it ignites the larger fuel needed in a survival situation.  if you learned this method from me go ahead & saying so will make me happy.  tossdart bushcraft survival tipi fire camping the axe is back project fun fishing outdoors summer holiday weekend family.
day 2, opeongo's north arm to big crow - algonquin solo, big crow loop algonquin park 6-day solo canoe trip. now the magic begins.  opeongo's north arm at 6am was absolutely beautiful. a wonderful breakfast stop with real bacon and eggs.  quite a bit of wind on the first part of the crow river.  and follow it all up with steak night! algonquin provincial park solo canoe bacon & eggs steak stovetop stuffing big crow proulx little crow lake opeongo lake (lake)
dewey's ohio outdoors, panning swine creek having fun with the sluice box at swine creek in middlefield ohio ohio panning river bike hunting outdoors spot bollywood jackson fishing gold sluice box camping rock water middlefiled gamebass trout guns hiking stunts summer fly fun jumping paintball commercial holiday michigan weekend lake ashtabula ohio detroit catch rapids advertisement city television bass crash dirt cabin gun stunt airsoft gold in ohio
churchill river 2015, missinipe to stanley rapids - part 2 short 5 day trip on the churchill river from missinipe to stanley rapids. some sun and a lot of rain. part 2 of 3 kayak fishing churchill river saskatchewan camping stanley mission
flying boats at big sand lake lodge ice on the lake no problem for the boys at big sand lake lodge big sand lake lodge fishing manitoba pike northern pike lake trout canada big sand big lake lodge fly in resort actic outpos camps wilderness trophy
may 24 2010 camping spot iphone movie some friends and i went out looking for a place to camp and party this may long weekend 2010 .................. this is what we found .  pics and movie shot with my iphone .  music by incomptech.com may may 24 may run run camp camping party bush jeep lake fishing swimming outside long weekend 2010 iphone iphone
rupert river, waskaganish 2010 video shot using an apple ipod touch 4g in hd. audio credit: robin mark ipod touch 4g review apple eeyou spared1 rupert river fishing native first nations quebec cree waskaganish hyrdro hd robin mark all is well
eagle pass heliboarding 2013 riding bindingless with some badass shreds, travis rice, mark landvik, eric jackson, scott newsome at eagle pass heli. liquor lake springhelisurf snosurf noboard noboarding powdersurfing snowboards fishing freshwaterfishing powsurf gregtod eaglepassheliskiing
alex keszler - best time to test tackle professional angler and lund pro staffer alex keszler, with a tip on the best time to test your lures, bait and tackle. 'lund boats' pro staff' tips & tricks 'testing tackle' fishing 'alex keszler' 'steve macinnis' 'adventures north' instructions
cuba; pche et plonge dcouverte de la province d'holguin  cuba. pche et plonge holguin pche fishing snorkling cuba plonge
10 gore st, perth, on -  $479,000 grand 1840`s home with charm and character, boasting 4,400 sq. ft. in central location in heritage perth. 4 large bedrooms with walk in closets and high ceilings, original crown throughout, includes separate 675` commercial office space and large carriage house for potential commercial space, configuration could allow 2 residential units. efficient gas boiler/radiator heating. 10 gore st perth on perth ontario ontario realtor perth realtor best realtor canada
aerial - 1000 antique boat ride, boldt castle to keewayden 1929 28' baby gar, "messenger," cruising the 1000 islands from boldt castle to keewayden state park. model 28-30 baby gar - manufactured by gar wood  riverjeffry@me.com 1000 islands thousand islands keewayden state park new york state park new york boat boating gar wood baby gar boats antique boat museum cruise canada wellesley island boldt castle (house) heart island fishing autumn tourism clayton alexandria bay alexandria bay (city/town/village) lake travel keewayden water dji dji global drone quadcopter
salmon in the trees -- book trailer : short version salmon in the trees tells the story of the remarkable connection between salmon and trees in the tongass rain forest of alaska. tongass rainforest rain forest alaska southeast alaska national forest salmon bears trees forest ecology fishing photography inside passage alaska panhandle
chilkoot river grizzly 2 this guy chased away the anglers ... chilkoot river grizzly bear coho fishing haines alaska ryan dietrich
adirondack seaway region | visitadirondacks.com visitadirondacks.com the adirondack seaway region is located in st. lawrence county in the state of new york. set in the northeast section of the six-million acre adirondack park, it is a great region to hunt, fish, boat, camp and hike. check out the adirondack seaway on your next holiday!  new york adirondacks travel tourism hiking paddling fishing birding camping boating outdoor recreation adk adirondack ny upstate ny adirondack mountains golf aerial tour aerial video canoeing kayaking st. lawrence county ny st. lawrence seaway golfing
cohos in the box doug puts the fish away alaska gillnet fishing
the guy olsen show: things places and faces salmon hatchery juneau alaska a visit where millions of salmon spawn and reproduce and some of the people who work to save the species from extinction in juneau alaska the guy olsen show: things places and faces juneau alaska salmon hatchery fishing
lac pusticamica - rivire o'sullivan sortie du lac pusticamica via la rivire o'sullivan lors d'une journe lgrement venteuse (15-20km/h).... pusticamica o'sullivan lac pusticamica miquelon miquelon (city/town/village) pche fishing baie-james
genesee river, rochester ny   fishing rochester
bwcaw sep 10-21, 2014, hangup near a hornets' nest on finger lake (60 of 113) dallas gets a snag in a not-so-good spot.  we'd been casting toward a small bluff that just also happened to be the home of the largest hornets' nest that i've ever seen.  we escaped unstung and our lines intact. boundary waters canoe area wilderness (protected site) hornets' nest fishing finger lake canoeing (sport) snag
kayaking southeast alaska mothership based sea kayaking trip from petersburg to juneau on the abyssinia with captains eric and kim, owners of the kayak transport company.  great company, great food, superb kayaking and tons of wildlife!  what more could you ask for? mothership sea kayaking petersburg juneau kayak transport company orcas killer whales humpback wildlife alaska eagles boats water fishing southeast alaska inside passage icebergs tracy arm taku harbor
skateboard in gatineau/ottawa on fais du planche  roulettes ! hakime labrie jonathan ganon pascal bastien bergeron alexandre lavergne dominic bertrand skate gatineau (city/town/village) ottawa (city/town/village)
metepenagiag heritage park - bread & tea experience metepenagiag heritage park is a state of the art facility in the heart of our enduring community that tells our story, the mi'kmaq of metepenagiag.  in this video, april richardson takes a group through the experience of making traditional bread and tea.    metepenagiag heritage park is located in metepenagiag mi'kmaq nation (red bank),on the miramichi river route in new brunswick. it is situated where the northwest and little southwest miramichi rivers meet, the ancestral home of our people for over 3,000 years. metepenagiag heritage park canada traditional history canadian fishing bread tea bannock (dish) powwow mi'kmaq oxbow red bank miramichi new brunswick the maritimes (region) metepenagiag mi'kmaq nation
rapids of the kazan river - a flyout from kasba lake lodge we fished in the area right next to the rapids and it was as calm as can be. the rapids are not navigable but are  beautiful to look at. the only way to fish here is to flyout from kasba lake lodge. sballot steven ballot kasba lake lodge float plane fishing canada kazan river northern pike arctic grayling lake trout rapids
kasba lake lodge float plane taking off from the kazan river dropoff after landing in the lake by the kazan river, pilot larry took off to return to the lodge. here is what it looked like. sballot steven ballot kasba lake lodge float plane fishing canada kazan river northern pike arctic grayling lake trout
our flyout - kasba lake lodge to kazan river - landing we did a flyout on a 1947 dehavilland float plane to the kazan river. it was a flight of approximately 20 minutes. pilot larry had a flawless beautiful landing near the kazan river. sballot steven ballot kasba lake lodge float plane fishing canada kazan river northern pike arctic grayling lake trout
time to fly out this was a little bit of the weather we had the morning we were supposed to fly out.  it cleared up a bit, and the plane was delayed a couple of hours.  i was able to catch my 42" northern before the plane came in so it was great day.  we ran into a little rain on the way back to dryden, but it was unbelievable what a nice overall ride it was - even with the lousy weather.  larry really made it a nice flight back out. lifephoto.com canadian fly in l&m flyin fishing
off grid living season 2 esp1 (the move) this is the second set of videos in the off grid living series . hope ya all enjoy them pathfinder survival bug out bushcraft scouts scouting primitive skills.traditional archery bone stone tools self reliance navigation orienteering tracking trekking camping backpacking hiking tents campfire fire wool blanket kit emergency preparedness army ranger spear hunting cooking fishing game cleaning meat preservation nature naturalist trapping traps handdrill bowdrill alcohol stove wildlife
kayaking inside passage from prince rubert to port hardy. june 2000. kayak folding sailing fishing canada bc british columbia north_of_caution cape_caution klemtu prince_rubert bella_bella port_hardy faltboot
tuckamore lodge, main brook on the viking trail this video highlights the grenfell drive/northern peninsula east region of the viking trail that surrounds the beautiful tuckamore lodge.  a region that is rich in history and breathtaking scenary along with an abundance of wildlife unlike many other parts of newfoundland. tuckamore lodge travel tourism hunting fishing outdoors moose caribou bear vikings luxury lodge travel therapy
2012 isle royale samantha 2012 father daughter backpacking trip to isle royale 2012 isle royale samantha
the view from crow head, newfoundland david escorted us from gander to twillingate and crow head is just up the road from there. amazing views and icebergs as a bonus!! newfoundland twillingate crow head iceberg seashore rock formations newfoundland and labrador scenic travel canada cliffs
f-150 stuck at boat launch part 3 of 3 souped up f-150 can't pull empty trailer out of boat launch, saved  by kia sorento  with a trailer hooked up!.... priceless!! kia sedona kia canada f-150 stuck
rod's winning brooky 2012 here is the winning brook trout for the annual renton farm derby. she measured 13 3/4". we had snow the week before the opener and then a cold run off. it was -7 getting out of the tent at 4am sat. morning. lot's of fish 12" and under put back by all 19 fishermen. thank you jim renton and family for all your hospitality. gopro hd brook trout fishing ontario stream renton rod messner winning
dors et malachigans novembre 2014 novembre 2014 pche de dor et malachigan . fishing pche walleye malachigan dor
achigan au senko 3 belle pche d'achigan t 2016. fishing bass 2016
 ice drilling @ jackson lake, whitehorse       4:00      whitehorse ice fishing jackson lake
how to make easy dough bait for carp.mp4 make easy and effective carp bait with bread and corn. it works great for me every time. carp bait dough common crucian easy ball for canada fishing float how to make secret
misaw lake lodge getting into bear camp - june 08 this is our trip into misaw lake lodge in june of 2008! bear beaver fishing fly hunt pike plane
how to can fruits and vegetables the art of canning helps preserve food and avoid wasting what took all summer long to grow, or all day to catch. steinbach steinbachonline.com steinbachonline manitoba fishing canning fruits vegetables hot water bath pressure canning
shore lunch we ate our catch each day on the shore of the lake/river. not only could mac find us fish to catch, he could also cook up a mess of vittles. halley canada fishing walleye shorelunch
canoeing on the north saskatchewan river, edmonton, alberta, canada - full 2d low resolution canoeing on the north saskatchewan river, edmonton, alberta, canada - full 2d low resolution edmonton, alberta, canada from sir william laurier park 10 miles to gold bar park canoeing on the north saskatchewan river north saskatchewan river edmonton alberta canada edmonton river valley
aerial - 1000 islands autumn antique  boat ride 1929 28' baby gar, "messenger," cruising in the color of the 1000 islands. model 28-30 baby gar - manufactured by gar wood  riverjeffry@me.com 1000 islands thousand islands thousand islands (island group) boat boating gar wood baby gar boating boats autumn fallout 3 (video game) antique boat museum (museum) cruise canada new york wellesley island antique boat island alexandria bay clayton antique boat museum tourist attraction (building function) tourism ride dji dji global drone quadcopter
jeanneau sunfast 36 1993 lac champlain ny vt usa jeanneau sunfast 36 1993 sailing voile voilier jeanneau sunfast sun fast lac champlain 36 1993
baie ste anne seafood festival-1977-part 3 local musicians entertain baiesteanne acadian acadien acadie acadia festival fishing
killarney provincial park with renegade q  1080p gopro hero 4 silver must watch in 1080p !!!     another episode, didnt get to do as much exploring of the area as i had planned for, due to lack to time. however we made the best of it. hope yall enjoy, dont forget to comment and subscribe.     stay tuned for more camping festivities as ive been out and about early in the season camping adventure google jeep canada killarney national park (protected site) hiking trail yahoo outdoor fishing imovie iphone 5 (computer) gopro
harbercraft 1875 on the south saskatchewan river this is a re-upload from my old account. taken in 2011. harbercraft saskatchewan saskatchewan river south saskatchewan river leader saskatchewan saskatchewan canada ryan wunsch ryan wunsch photography extreme shallow jet boat river boat fishing
golden king crab 09 crabbing southeast alaska in feb. 09 9(before the weather hit) alaska crab king crabbing fishing southeast petersbug
having a blast on a houseboat on temagami   there are so many ways to have fun on a houseboat in temagami your family wil be sure to find a wilderness adventure they'll enjoy.  form a romantic getaway without the kids to a family vacation, we're here for you. tourism temagami houseboat houseboat vacation vacation (quotation subject) nature wilderness wilderness adventure family vacation family romantic getaway romantic romance fishing vacation on the lake
dor , saint laurent, mai 2016 pche de dors sur le fleuve saint laurent par un temps particulirement calme. walleye fishing lake
pche de 36 truites grises avril 2016 une pche de truites grises fabuleuse avec 36 poissons pris dont 3 de plus de 60cm et une de 73 cm. trout fishing lake trout truite grise
des grises et des jigs pche de truites grise  la jig truite trout lake trout jigging fishing
pche rapide d'achigans test achigan sur petit lac bass fishing fshing guide
pche de dor en famille sur le majestueux saint laurent pche de dor en famille sur le majestueux saint laurent fishing walleye saint laurent
north hastings - open for business north hastings is a great place to open a business. with access to high-speed internet and other local business support you can enjoy an outstanding quality of life and still be less than a tank of gas away from major population centres like the gta, ottawa and the 401 corridor. where would you rather do business, north hastings... naturally! north hastings ontario bancroft maynooth cottages shopping lakes fishing boating coe hill outdoors adventure recreation hospital health care family hastings county clean water fresh air move to live in trails country living real estate hunting cost of living economic development business opportunity
a tour of ludlow's island resort a tour of ludlow's island resort by resortsandlodges.com minnesota vacation resort family fishing travel summer cabin
bwcaw sep 10-21, 2014, itty bitty baby bass on finger lake (56 of 113) fish on!!!!  oh, wait. boundary waters canoe area wilderness (protected site) finger lake fishing smallmouth bass (organism classification) catch and release canoeing (sport)
quetico canada canoe portage a typical portage in canada's beautiful quetico provincial park. camp quetico set us up perfect :] add me! instagram: joshsmilealways twitter: joshsmilealways snap chat: joshsmilealways  music: lo-fi is sci-fi - phase iv fishing canada quetico provincial park (protected site) smallmouth canoeing (sport) camping wildlife ontario provincial boat paddling adventure kayaking (sport) tutorial smile always quetico camping trip quetico fishing trip questico canoe trip boundary waters fishing trip 2 fish 1 cast quetico portage canoe portage colo camping trip quetico colo camping trip boundary waters cabada fishing in quetico catching huge fish how to canoe how to choose a canoe
lake trout cleaning 101 dale and kenny cleaning a couple of lake trout...caught on opening day; may 2010...the big rideau. lake trout fishing
calgary bow river raft things to do in calgary brought to you by calgary market update - your local re/max experts. miki 403-700-2244   raft rental:  university of calgary outdoor centre  address: 2500 university dr nw, calgary phone: (403) 220-5038   starting point:  bowness park, calgary 8900 48 ave nw, calgary   music provided by ncs -  river real estate calgary bowness park summer fun calgary raft bow river (river)
pilote pointe lodge (yellow dog lodge) here is an older video from september 2004, when yellow dog lodge was known as pilote point lodge. lots have changed since then,  but we can still catch fish from our balcony. yellow dog lodge fishing adventure action adventures quest adventure part experience replay
ocean kayak caper classic review - kejimkujik paddle & portage part 3 - buy it now on amazon:   we did a two day portage & paddle trip and our friends at trail shop in halifax hooked us up with a couple of kayaks to try out.  check out the links below for additional information about the trip and the other kayak we used.  our trip consisted of paddling about 20km and portage across the lakes of about 4km. we planned an overnight in a yurt, so didn't need as much gear as regular tent camping.  overall, i found the ocean kayak caper very stable, easy to get in &out which was good for the portages as most of them weren't the easiest to get to. i was able to store pretty much all of my gear in the front hatch. i was surprised how much room it had.  if i had planned better, i could have fit everything inside including sleeping bag & pad. that being said, the hatch is not water proof. waves went over the deck during rough waters and water did get in to get the dry sacks a little wet. but overall did fairly well.  the drainage holes (scupper) worked great especially when the water was coming up on the front deck. the holes under the seat were only an issue when you entered the boat saddle like.  i didn't find it tracked overly well in breezy conditions, i had to work a little harder to stay on track, however over clam waters it was easy to paddle.  more about the trip, check out the playlist, which includes packing, the trip etc...       length: 11' 0" | 3.4 m width: 31" | 78.7 cm weight: 45 lbs | 20.4 kg seat width: 19.5" | 49.5 cm leg length: 51" | 129.5 cm bow hatch: 20" x 10.5" | 50.8 x 26.7 cm max capacity: 275-325 lbs | 124.7-147.4 kg suggested retail: $599.99 usd - - - - - - - - - - -  subscribe on youtube (new video every sunday!)   google+:   twitter:   check out more videos from the gang at   - - - - - - - - - - -  avoiding chores is a collection of interests from a group of guys who do everything possible not to do chores. this involves getting into a number of interests such as: hiking, camping, outdoors, bushcraft, running, beer reviews, live hangouts and long term projects like living off the grid or stone carving.   - - - - - - - - - - - kayak river paddle (club interest) water beach hobie kayak ocean kayak drifter ocean kayak old town kayak caper kayak ocean kayaks for sale venus kayak wilderness systems trail shop halifax nova scotia fishing sit on top
eric releasing a drane field gator eric decker releasin his gator in lake 6 at drane field. lakeland,fl. fishing catching drane field gator eric decker lakeland florida alligator outdoors bass championships csi pesca tackle
snorkelling the reef | belizean adventures part 2 channel:  twitter:  instagram:  snorkel reef amazing fishing ocean snorkelling fun travel explore belize belizean adventures come with me part two parttwo
alaska - petersburg creek - kayaking trip kayaking with some friends up petersburg creek. june 3, 2012 wilderness water fishing
we made a hole the first step to setting a net in the winter nwt fishing stop motion
terrace bay beach this video shows the openness and beauty of terrace bay beach in terrace bay. residents frequent the beach for a summer dip and it is an excellent route for hiking and running your dog. for more information, visit  terrace bay beach hiking swimming boating fishing ontario
rainbow on zipper lip lake  021 fishing outdoors kayak boats water sport rainbow trout
scuba diving the bays of the st. lawrence river  scuba diving (sport) swimming pool water river
thermolite boat facelift pt. 4.wmv heres a few more updates on the boat fixed steering rollers , fabricated a safety frame as extra support for the stern ,basicly an insurance for extra hold till i know what that 75 hp is going to do to the stern ,being old school. sailing (sport) sport (industry) fishing boat marine (ocean) antique restoration inventions outboard motor invention outboard motor (invention) lake engine
christmas greetings 2011 christmas greetings 2011 - created at  vermilion bay lodge eagle lake christmas 2011 fishing
relaxing river ride at dusk this may be the one of the most relaxing three and an half minute videos you will ever see! although it may seem like the boat is just floating along on the glass smooth surface, it is actually travelling at 30 mph. watch full screen in hd with speakers on for best effect! fishing ontario canada pastoral river dusk smooth glass loons water boat
1 hr 45 min. burn wood gas stove pop can wood gas stove burns over an hour and a half. wood gas stove blue camping fishing gasification fire burn flame burning fire (novel) diy preparedness prepper survival do it yourself (hobby)
malaher lake an overview of the malaher lake outpost. canada ontario nestor falls fishing lake fly-in travel tourism malaher malaher lake outpost lodge cabin
larus bay & beach cabin a glance at larus bay and beach cabin. canada ontario nestor falls fishing lake fly-in travel tourism larus larus lake larus bay outpost cabin beach
lake of the prairies cruzin down the lake boating lund fishing fun lake lop
escape quest at the lspu hall like a puzzle? enjoy solving riddles? check out escape quest this week at the lspu hall.    subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador cbcnl escape quest lspu hall escape rooms
nils master ice hogger.avi nils master auger with an icehogger attachment. nils master ice hogger
silver fox loves dog food mostly outdoors stuff. silver foxes are eating some of migs dog food and sounds like they love it. snowmobiling flying hunting fishing newfoundland canada wildlife woodworking mechanical silver fox fur
fosses patapdia 2013 descente secteur 2 - gopro fosses patapdia 2013 descente secteur 2 - gopro 31 juillet, 1er et 2 aot. j'ai film les fosses dans l'eau. c'est long, mais il y a des beaux poissons   crdit musique - m83. saumon patapdia river (river) gopro (brand) secteur descente canoe fly fishing (sport) pche la mouche 60fps slow motion m83 (musical group)
jet boat harbercraft 1875 eu lower bow river between carsland weir and mackinnon flats. fishing 015
living the life a perfect end to a perfect day on the peace river. peace river jet boating hot dogs cook out fishing 22mag alberta canada
pretty port dover a early autumn sunset flight around the harbour of port dover. port dover ontario harbour harbor lake erie fishing canada boat lake water
boundary waters - veterans canoeing expedition silent paddling - outward bound veterans canoeing expedition boundary waters canoe paddling outward bound
lebret, saskatchewan - winter a bright saskatchewan winter's day shows off lebret to its advantage. lebret saskatchewan canada small towns rural tourism railroads
paddling the credit river - georgetown, glen williams (fullhd) credit river 2015 georgetown ontario adwebcom video canoeing credit river paddling
gearing up - gopro deep water test tested the gopro rig down to 50 feet mounted to the side of a cable mounted camera and monitor system.  always looking for some unique footage for the show.  not much visible at 50 feet at 7pm, but we did spot what i'm pretty sure is a lake trout at 35 feet, and some smallmouth bass at 25 feet.  we're getting excited for our first episode to get online hopefully by end of september. bass smallmouth fishing camera gopro trout temagami ontario canada
capt. heeters handmade folding planer boards capt. heeters handmade planer boards are available from  each set is guaranteed for 1 year, and each board will fold down in less than 30 seconds. planerboards planer boards capt. heeter handmade fishing folding talwater
hill climb this video was uploaded from an android phone. mobile jumping jumps offroading kayak fishing high rev engine crash accident snow extreme sports motor sports nature hiking extreme driving snowboarding cruiser hunting biking cars skiing off-road vehicles mountain bike model vehicles offroad backflip off-road biking showoff dirt-biking winter sports crashes outdoors stunts winter accidents
alpine cabin on seagull lake and bwca seagull outfitters located on the gunflint trail and boundary waters canoe area would love for you to visit the area.  we still have cabins available for 2009 season and booking for 2010! boundary waters grand marais cabins canoeing bwca minnesota fishing lodge resort
sudbury aviation indian lake take off sudbury aviation indian lake take off, canada day weekend 2013. sudbury aviation sudbury aviation indian lake fishing beaver pickeral walleye pike
marlie cam stapped a gopro to our dog marlie ice fishing marlie talon lake go pro doggy cam
pche pre fils juillet 2015 .aprs une bonne journe avec des clients sur le lac je profite de l'occasion pour proposer au fiston une fin d'aprs midi sur l'eau. les truites grises nous attendaient de pied ferme . truite trout (organism classification) trout fishing lake fly catch
novice pontoon driver this novice pontoon driver went right between the bank and the boat of my brother trying to bobber fish for pike. needless to say the fisherman was not happy. fishing northern pike novice pontoon lake mitchell northernair lodge ely minnesota
the thief stealing a car is wrong... well if you manage to do it. thief voleur automobile auto vol car pink floyd money fishing
"isle royale: island wilderness" (part one) this video was created in1987, and now is a bit dated (the isle royale queen has been recommissioned, for example.)  still, i thought someone might be interested .  two parts. backpacking national park isle royale lake superior scuba diving shipwrecks bass climbing fishing hiking pesca
blacksmith repairs cast iron forge part 3 of 32 the repair and reconstruction of an old forge with multiple bad breaks in the cast iron using mig welding instead of ni-rod or brazing techniques. blacksmith forge cast iron repair welding forging lincoln miller dogs kayak fishing hiking hunting reef cleaning construction iron maiden judas maiden
village de petit-saguenay, le fjord... naturellement ! dcouvrez l'un des secrets les mieux gards du saguenay - lac-saint-jean : le village de petit-saguenay.   nich au creux de sa valle, au pied d'une imposante falaise, le village de petit-saguenay s'entend le long de la magnifique rivire qui porte son nom.  partir du village, on accde  deux points de vue magnifique sur le fjord du saguenay. d'abord, au quai on peut observer un diaporama spectaculaire, avec plus de 27 km d'horizon. les couchers de soleil y sont tout simplement superbes. ensuite,  l'anse saint-tienne, on dcouvre une immense plage o l'on observe rgulirement blugas et phoques dans une quitude incomparable. on peut galement pratiquer de multiples activits partout sur le territoire, tels les nombreux sentiers pdestres, la pche et l'observation des saumons, le kayak de mer, la chasse, le canotage... installs dans les rangs, les artisans et producteurs agricoles proposent des produits de grande qualit. les hbergements sont diversifis et rservent un accueil chaleureux : auberges de charme, gites authentiques, chalets bucoliques et campings sur des sites exceptionnels. on trouve galement sur place une offre varie de restauration (terroir, bistro, buffet, casse-croute...). en octobre, le symposium de peinture clbre les couleurs automnales. l'hiver, la raquette, la motoneige et la randonne nordique se pratiquent le long des rivires et  flanc de montagne.  au fil des saisons, venez vivre l'aventure petit-saguenay, le fjord... naturellement ! tourisme tourism travel voyage vacances holiday saguenay petit-saguenay artisanat craft food fishing pche salmon saumon rivire river park parc fjord hotel plein air canot canoe kayak plage beach
part 1 lake erie walleye charter_sweet escape charters_aso-tv part 1 of aso-tv show located in peoria, illinois.  show was filmed aboard sweet escape charters by host harry canterbury and bob siler as they troll for lake erie walleye with captain todd enders of sweet escape charters on june 22, 2011, catching a limit of walleye. lake erie walleye charter fishing port clinton wild wings western basin sweet escape perch
crabbin in nanaimo harbour views of nanaimo harbour while catching crabs. nanaimo crabs fishing crabbin harbour vancouver island sea life seals crab traps seaplanes ocean waterfront parks piers city scapes
rc boat -  misty creek - gas  50 cat sikk gas rc boat and weed eater boat tuning petrol sunday outing 2 nd tank fuel in misty creek 50 catamaran and tuning of weed eater powered boat rc boat remote 50 catamaran ddm 26cc sikk with clutch pro pump race hardware boost bootle and forabuck 45 cobra deep jumping air force kayak fishing water sports aviation cruiser politics communism warfare model vehicles boats stunts
grand bank newfoundland poem called: waiting for dad this poem is about the men from grand bank lost at sea.  written by levi matthews from grand bank, newfoundland, canada grand bank fortune newfoundland poetry song levi matthews poems seventhson44 fishing disasters lost at sea poem blue mist wave poem fortune bay canadian story balad rough seas
sitting on the wharf in caraquet, new brunswick watching the boats come and go, the water was really calm that evening and there were lots of nice folks just hanging out. caraquet (city/town/village) new brunswick (canadian province) canada (country) wharf quaie ocean seaside boat fishing speedboat
slow ride @ stonehaven wharf - july 2014 short video tour of the stonehaven wharf on a very nice, hot, clear and calm day.   you can find this wharf on the acadian coastal drive between bathurst and caraquet in new brunswick.  thanks for watching, please subscribe to my channel. wharf july (month) stonehaven (city/town/village) new brunswick (canadian province) boat fishing tour slow ride ocean seaside tourism (interest) sailing canada (country)
cano-camping et pche 4 jours de cano-camping et pche dans le parc de la mauricie au qubec fishing trout camping pche truite
bowline and single-handed bowline the bowline is a simple knot used to form a fixed loop. it is fairly simple to tie and untie. it is one of a group of knots that are very important to know. bowline single-handed knot knots scouts survival bushcraft hiking hammock camping
how to change squeaky wheel on work cart how to change the wheels on squeaky work cart at strathroy antique mall. this is the vendors cart for moving furniture into their both and is also the cart used for when customers purchase furniture transporting it to their car. please view how to change and oil furniture cart wheels. sam6063 how-to (media genre) fix cart fix wheel
it's a dead man or a log. dead death logs trees nature floatsam water morbid men man corpse old wood wet river rouge
outdoors in the heartland - "atikokan bass classic day 2" (2015) episode 11 of 2015 - "atikokan bass classic day 2" - bob and bob try to win big in the 2nd day of the 2014 atikokan bass classic.  check your local listings for more outdoors in the heartland on outdoor channel and fox sports midwest. outdoors in the heartland atikokan (city/town/village) fishing hunting smallmouth bass (organism classification) ford motor company (automobile company) strike king lures bear hunting fishing tournament (competition type)
kokanee underwater video - youtube smaller versions of the sockeye salmon, kind of like mini me... kokanee underwater video spawning sockeye salmon mission creek salmon pairs runs oncorhynchus nerka food migration bed channel river stream land locked fishing life cycle roe eggs milt alevin fingerlings okanagan lake conservation streams fisheries endangered species last minute cheap vacation package tour trip planner resort guide holiday best scenic drive yolo jcvdude sony hdr 3d td10 ax2000 hd nature tourism destination review videographer
millions of trout the outdoor holding tanks at the summerland trout hatchery are where the trout are reared to a releasable  size.  this is all open to the public and it's a great place to stop for a short self guided tour.   14 km north of penticton the summerland trout hatchery is highly recommended. summerland trout hatchery bc sport fresh water fishery fishing rainbow brook char lake okanagan penticton tour jcvdude localsknow videos production kelowna new media artist british columbia destination canada vacation packages holiday canadian hotels thompson tourismbc hellobc yt:crop=16:9
this is my terrace bay may 2012 we updated our "this is my terrace bay video" slightly to include some images of the new downtown and terrace bay lighthouse.  we will make some more changes soon. terrace bay downtown economic development lake superior hiking fishing ontario northern
somewhere in kalamazoo - 04 - canadian dock building today, we bring you all the way to ontario, canada - 700 miles from kalamazoo. we're at my buddy glenn's cottage.  we promised we would help do some minor repairs including lifting a boathouse out of the water, after it had been destroyed by the ice floes over the winter, pulling a dock out of a tree, mending it, and replacing it.  we didn't really know what we were getting into, but there's one thing for sure: any time we hang out with glenn, we're gonna have a good time!    drop us a line at somewhereinkalamazoo@gmail.com check out  all video music copyright 1999-2014 by elmblad media group canada kalamazoo lake dock academy ontario cottage building construction aliens farm jack redneck outdoors
saranac classic kayak by swift demo video on swift saranac 14 classic kayaking kayak kevlar swift saranac classic paddle paddling canoe canoeing
okanagan road trip may 13, 2009 our first stop - summerland trout hatchery and our last stop penticton to watch kite boarding. in between we drove to osoyoos and keremeos on a cold and windy day.  these are some of the things we saw. road trip in the okanagan. kiteboarding videos kiteboarders kite surfing wake-style kitesurfer vacation packages waveriding sailboarding kitesurfing freestyle summerland trout hatchery ornamental gardens master gardener program penticton osoyoos keremeos heritage grist mill similkameen valley south okanagan southern interior gardening travel yt:crop=16:9 localsknow holiday hotel motel fishing bird watching tours birding jcvdude productions kelowna british columbia canada tourismbc hellobc
the humblefisherman - flight to the black shale hd heli flight into the black shales with ahlstrom air. humblefisherman ahlstrom air helicopter hd footage humble fisherman ram river fly fishing trouttrek
songa wilderness 2011: wilderness canoe tripping for girls join the adventure!  keewaydin camp is an unforgettable summer experience for girls (ages 10-18) through adventurous canoe trips. these fun, empowering and safe excursions build outdoor skills while fostering strength, leadership, self reliance and confidence. adventure fun wildlife growth confidence white water lakes ontario jame's bay outdoors camping swimming paddling fishing water empowering strength outdoor skills summer camp river canada
coleman outboard boat motor gear oil change (part 1) changing the gear oil or the coleman 5hp outboard boat motor outboard motor (invention) lake energy row boat water front jet wake ski power warming change climate solar gas green wind free global saints generator clean environment 1wmv magnet save diy america technology magnetic climate change renewable saints row efficient solar energy (industry) wind power (industry) gasoline (fuel) electric electricity global warming oil change gear oil alberta colemen outboard boat motor fishing build how to howto ps4 gta5
bottom bouncer swivel  production  le pcheur du nord inc. animateur yvan blanger fishing derbies tournoi dor brochet pike wallaey lac cris wawanipi communaut autochtone walleye (organism classification) walley dor marcheur de fond fishing industry (industry) fishing tournament tournoi dor touladie truite grise spinning peche
2016-06-24 - st-lawrence river - pointe-aux-trembles (montreal)  yuneec typhoon h drone montreal
jay's game of pirates dice inspired from the pixar short, "geri's game". this starts off slow, for effect, but picks up after a few rounds. geri's game pirates dice pixar jay
camp birds at diana lake artic ptarmigan that are part of the diana lake family. diana lake high arctic adventures stefanski caribou outfitter hunting fishing ptarmigan char
outdoor guide: how to see clearly on sunny days - season three how to protect your eyes on sunny days. brad fenson gives us some tips on selecting eye wear and the right type of hat to protect your vision and better enjoy the outdoors. michael short let's go outdoors outdoors brad fenson alberta alberta tourism eyewear vision polarized lenses fishing mary hulbert canada caps ball cap hat sunglasses how to
lake superior coastal trail adventure our 6 day 5 night hike of the lake superior coastal trail - one coast-line hugging, rock scrambling, cliff climbing, boulder hopping, knee knackering, gorgeous breathtaking beautiful adventure! adventure nature lake superior (lake) hiking (sport) backpacking (sport) action wilderness (quotation subject) canada (country) travel quest fishing park ontario (canadian province)
welcome to the end of the road - what's your tofino? this video features 3 unique perspectives on what tofino means to these true tofitians: tracy the baker, catherine and her family of ocean adventurers, and matahil, a tofino-born-and-raised coast guard. share your own tofino stories at yourtofino.com; your posts will feed our storyboard, or you may even be featured in an upcoming video episode of your own! #yourtofino  for more info about this project, and to view the latest videos, photos and behind-the-scenes footage, check out    video credit: the solidarity union yourtofino tofino sup vancouver island british columbia travel bakery rainforest coast guard ocean mountains helicopter aerial bc long beach stand up paddleboarding long beach (british columbia) fishing camping whales beachfire the solidarity union end of the road tofino bc tourism tofino tourism vancouver island tourism bc ctc tofino canada tourism (industry) tourism adventure vacation nature destination
outfitting my tripping kayak project wetpaddles -  spent a few minutes adding deck rigging to my new kayak...  i needed rigging to hold my greenland paddle on my deck and there was no bungee's above the front hatch.  one who paddles ultralight boats should also have a portable dock, so i added some chord on the rear deck to accommodate pool noodles and / or a yoga mat. hammock wetpaddles current designs isle kevlar boat composite kayak outfitting rigging tripping paddling greenland paddle dog scared of couch cushions system for adding space to river water boats tourism cycling tips & tricks help fishing
escapade sur un lac du quebec avec les boys a la pche le quebec vacances la pche canada
canada olympic 49er sailing: halifax camp may 2015 some shots of 49er team heinzemann/ morrin at a development camp in halifax. first camp together on the road to the summer olympic games.  audio: lean on - major lazer & dj snake sailing (sport) 49er (ship class) canada (country) halifax (city/town/village) royal nova scotia yacht squadron team canada olympic sailing skiff sailing summer 2015
grumpy! cp 5909 at fire hill (25sep2014) canadian pacific 5909, cp 2238 (work train) westbound crossing the jackfish river arriving at fire hill to set off some ballast cars. the order for the work train was obviously poorly planned and was cancelled in the end with little work done. rtc was not a happy camper. lake superior (lake) lake (geographical feature category) ontario (canadian province) tourist destination canadian pacific railway limited (business operation) canada (country) hill fishing change fall colours northern ontario road trip fall 2014 lake superior canada high definition video hd 1080p heavy steel rare awesome scanner detector landscape scenery avchd conductor engineer railfan (hobby) foamers gone wild railfanning train spotting videography
haines, alaska - old female grizzly bear catches fish filmed with canon powershot sx 50 hs in september, 2013 grizzly bear (organism classification) fishing salmon alaska canon canon powershot (product line) demo guide sx50 hs
rc plane hd onboard gopro camera multiplex mentor landing failure rc plane multiplex mentor equipt with gopro camera, flight in canada mountains over lake flight epic fail on landing on water with pontoons nakota lodge rc plane pontoon floats gopro hero lake altitude fishing flying multiplex mentor air airplane aircraft blond thunderpower batteries hi speed flight in rain clouds planes sky grey jet aviation pilot blue glider crash radio control airplanes landing
fish cake fish cake cake cakes fish cake cake boss cake store cake shop birthday cake specialty cake fishing tackle box kids cake fun cake buttercream cake fish (food) birthday chocolate cookies food (tv genre) milk michigan lake rain mary kay letourneau (author) candy candy (mandy moore album) detroit barry fly catch tay rapids cheese city eating bass pie river chips sugar sugar (tokio album) trout salmon
mendenhall glacier in juneau, alaska with travelsmiths, inc. july 2016 mendenhall glacier is 13.6  miles long and located about 12 miles from downtown juneau. we can get you there before it melts!   call travelsmiths today! 888-838-0672 mendenhall glacier alaska juneau alaska specialist bears salmon fishing adventure celebrity cruise celeberity 5 star acedemy travelsmiths
fettuccine primavera - natural high - backcountry meal review fettuccine primavera by natural high rated 8 out of 10.  freeze dried meal.  please comment if you have tasted this meal or make a suggestion of one you like better.  you may see your suggestion in our next video.  some viewers may be offended by the editors choice to leave in an obvious blooper.  just for a bit of a laugh.  sorry if you did not find it funny.  the setting for this review is norway lake inside puzzle lake provincial park, canada. please rate this video.  thanks!    freeze dried camp food meal review freeze dried meal dehydrated ultra-light econo challenge camping hiking paddling fishing nature backpacking camp food review quick easy pasta cooking reviews recipes recipe educational outdoors econo challenge fun pasta primavera (food)
how to: teach a deep water surf start a quick breakdown on how to teach someone to get out of the water quickly and efficiently.  please visit thetricktipstockpick.wordpress.com for more tips from the past! boat surf wakeboarding nautique chaparral edgewater supreme centurion muskoka pride marine group fast trick tip stock pick ski boat surfing g boat ski wake tow sport crest vortex pontoon chriscraft robalo fishing luxury neil brown marina water jeff sinclair paul nickel deep teach coaches corner
baie ste anne seafood festival-1977-part 5 local musicians entertain baiesteanne acadian acadien acadie acadia festival fishing
lake placid & lake champlain region | visitadirondacks.com visitadirondacks.com  the lake placid and lake champlain region is located in essex county in the state of new york. a world-class destination for every season, the region boasts many activities such as hiking, skiing, enjoying the arts and discovering it's rich olympic history.  new york adirondacks travel tourism hiking paddling fishing birding camping boating outdoor recreation adk adirondack ny upstate ny adirondack mountains golf aerial tour aerial video lake placid lake champlain canoeing kayaking essex county ny
boundary waters 2012 (may) my friend and i went to the boundary waters of minnesota.  it was an amazing site to be had by all, but let me just say this.  you need to have some skill of this place before entering.  fortunately i had my friend john who had been there before, and he was "showing me the ropes" so to say. this trip is not for the faint of heart.  just make sure to have a great time if you go! canoe travel minnesota water river kayak park rafting poplar lake liz horse shoe caribou difficult
malette lake a glance at picturesque malette lake. canada ontario nestor falls fishing lake fly-in travel tourism malette malette lake lodge outpost cabin
catching bear food! vlog ep 52 we head out to grave creek and the tobacco river to catch some salmon! vlog vlogging travel fishing family kids river stream creek salmon snagging hook montana canada eureka fishing contest
aerial - port dover - pt ryerse - sailboat - golf - norfolk county aerial footage of port dover, port ryerse, sailboat, golf. norfolk county's library of video footage is available for media outlets to use free of charge, with permission from norfolk county tourism. contact tourism@norfolkcounty.ca or 519-426-9497. norfolk county port dover port ryerse sailboat golf fishing tugs course
charlie's boat house [siv 177] 5/21/10: the auer family boat house, also known as charlie's, is a summer fixture in burlington that dates back to the '20's. located off the burlington bike path where the winooski river feeds into lake champlain, charlie and his sister christine have been entertaining bikers, boaters and walkers with lake views, snacks and a slice of history.  an experience like no other, once you've visited charlie's, you're sure to go back.  location: burlington, vt (off bike path, at winooski bridge) charlie's boat house auer family bike path burlington vermont lakefront lake champlain view boats 1920s history depression fishing tourists snacks winooski river mouth sailing canoes rentals stories stuck in vermont
20 minute crab trap !!!  zap straps and a milk crate~~~ i have a small sailboat, and with space at a premium, i needed a small crab trap and wanted it to be entirely made of plastic. all you need is a milk crate and handful of zap straps and whatever you can recycle for the front and the door. i strapped a 3 or 4 lb weight to the bottom and a small wire or plastic grate at the back of the trap to put bait behind. elastic bands can spring load the door so that it opens when it hits the bottom.   bait can be anything but a can of sardines is fast and easy and seems to always catch em. i generally put a few pieces of bread in too...it seems to bait the water a bit going down with crumbs and brings the crab running..  wait 20 or 30 minutes and cross your fingers!! i like 30-40' deep for dungeness crabs and 20-25 for rock crab on a sand or mud bottom. good fishin!!! simple inexpensive crab trap crabbing catching seafood fishing food
summer camp 2014 my time as a waterskiing and wakeboarding instructor at a summer camp in 2014. summer camp (school category) summer waterskiing (sport) wakeboarding (sport) barefoot maine (us state) gopro (award-winning work)
moose river bow trip last night on attean pond. moose river bow trip canoe
surfers in st. lawrence river, montreal quite fascinating place to surf in montreal, it's like riding a wave that doesn't move. surfing montreal lawrence river
electric trolling motor on canoe electric trolling motor on canoe - first test. electric motor canoe fishing
loch island 2014 edit  fishing loch island lodge hunting 2014 edit video ontario canada michigan toronto montreal vancouver walleye pike bass pearch rod reel outdoors lake fly rapids catch
keewaydin temagami 2011 section a join the adventure!  keewaydin camp is an unforgettable summer experience for boys (ages 10-18) through adventurous canoe trips. these fun, empowering and safe excursions build outdoor skills while fostering strength, leadership, self reliance and confidence. adventure fun wildlife growth confidence white water lakes quebec labrador hudson bay outdoors camping swimming paddling fishing water empowering strength outdoor skills summer camp summer camp river
who should govern nature? people often feel that the government should be in charge of natural resources because the environment belongs to us all and the government represents the people. while there's no single way for renewable resource ownership, people tend towards government control a little too often.  it can hurt instead of help.  song   patreon   references arnold, j.e.m. and cambell, j.g. 1985. collective management of hill forests in nepal: the community forestry development project. harding, garrett. 1968. the tragedy of the commons. science.  13 (162) p.1243-1248.  ostrom, elinor. 1990. governing the commons. new york: cambridge university press. this place this place environment environmental sustainability thisplace thisplacechannel this place channel governing the commons natural resources ownership elinor ostrom elinor ostrom commons governing tragedy of the commons nepal forestry overfishing fishing alanya turkey forest resource use resource control renewable resource
dockside motel, st. barbe - home of labrador ferry terminal - gateway to viking trail from labrador the dockside motel is the closest accomodations to the labrador ferry with the ferry terminal housed right on site.  it is also a great place ot stay and explore the surrounding area!  you can go for a hike or have a picnic with a view at the day use park in black duck cove.  you can embrace history at the 50 centuries interpretation centre in nearby bird cove just 10 minutes south.  take in the trails mount st. margerat ski & nature park or try one of the best salmon rivers in the province at st. geniveive just 5 minutes south from the motel.  whether it is an overnighter as you wait to explore labrador or a planned trip to the viking trail, dockside motel is at the hub of so much to see and do! dockside motel labrador ferry viking trail st. barbe ferry terminal salmon fishing dockside diner restaurant travel tourism
alsiganteku kayak - l'inukshuk alsiganteku kayak-aventure-cotourisme kayak kayak canada kayak qubec kayak rivire saint-franois kayak lac saint-pierre kayak pierreville pche en kayak aventure en kayak kayak centre-du-qubec alsiganteku
deception pass state park's north beach this video taken august 25, 2012 of north beach in deception pass state park. this beach area gives you great views of the inlet passage of deception pass, deception pass bridge and fidalgo island. this area is frequented by lots of fisherman trying to catch the different salmon species as they make their way through the passage on their way up the skagit river. a number of divers will take their chances here but there are very strong currents pushing through this passage due to low and high tides. not a place for non-motorized boats in my opinion. an special place to checkout so if coming to deception pass state park you need to hike down the trail to north beach. deception pass state park north beach inlet passage bridge fishing camping hiking backpacking beach area migratory bords fidalgo island whidbey tourism washington deception pass (body of water)
the most dangerous jobs ever! what are the most dangerous jobs ever? how many people die while doing them? watch and find out! utn ep. 28  - - - [] watch up 'til noon monday through friday at 12 pm central standard time! [] - - - - - -[] subscribe for daily updates:  [] - - -   - - [] previous episode:   - - [] next episode:    [] - we have merch for sale! shirts (women/men/kids), mugs, can cozy's, posters, etc... - [] [] to view the merch please visit our site [] ![]---[]  []---[]! or clickk this link out to check it all out!!!:  [][][] email us if you are interested: contact@uptilnoon.com [][][]   also, pop by and say "hey" on...  [][][] facebook:    [][][] [][][] twitter:                [][][] [][][] instagram:  [][][] [][][] google plus:              [][][] [][][] snapchat: uptilnoon                                                       [][][]   shoot us an e-mail at: contact@uptilnoon.com if you have any questions or suggestions for our channel!   our names are ryan vandal and cory morin and we are here to provide free entertainment to you via the interwebs, monday through friday at 12 pm central standard time!   please, let us know down below what you think of this episode. as well, hashtag #utn when you share this video to be entered to win prizes!  and again, thanks for staying up 'til noon! see ya tomorrow!  [] - ryan & cory - [] roofers fisherman truck driver variety show roofer good mythical morning utn gmm fishing dangerous up through noon lumberjack trucks up til noon most dangerous jobs what are the most dangerous jobs in the world what are the most dangerous jobs in canada the most dangerous jobs the most dangerous jobs in the world the most dangerous jobs in canada the most dangerous jobs in america cell phone tower technician deep sea fisherman truck driver safety workplace safety
temagami august 2013 temagami august 2013 temagami camping northern ontario diamond lake canoeing portage fishing portaging lake late summer camping
awenda provincial park please subscribe, i am camping, filming and posting my whole life!    check out my camping buddy paul's channel    our facebook page    filmed august 2, 2014 - i really liked this park, being a fair size there is lots to explore. with sites being spread out and 4 different beaches lack of privacy is not a problem. the park is flat with about 20k of wide well maintained paths, be sure to checkout kettle's lake and maybe even rent a canoe.   gps tracks of beach hike and kettle lake     parks website and trip adviser reviews     google maps   robin williams (celebrity) awenda provincial park (protected site) camping hiking fishing summer weekend georgian bay (body of water)
russia vs  sweden | vlog #1 i went to the exhibition game between russia and sweden before the world juniors. i went with my brother and father.  check it out, it was amazing fun!  music: andrew applepie  instagram: letsfish613 let's fish 613 2016 fishing hockey world juniors canada russia sweden usa america international ice fish 613 kingston ygk krock tragically hip way downtown family brother pizza gabriels beer molson coors vlog daily everyday exciting ice hockey
medieval guardtower tutorial i joined maker studios & so can you! click here to see if your channel qualifies for rpm network/maker studios   a very sloppy tutorial on my part =p  i'll redo this tutorial if enough ask me to, thanks for watching =)   don't forget to like, rate, comment, and subscribe so you don't miss out on any future content :) thanks for watching!!   texture pack -  medieval minecraft london e3 one direction fishing hunting football euro fifa nfl soccer cruise middle ages (event) american football (sport) warriors freestyle goal sword samurai ninja skills cats dynasty swords guard tower watchtower tutorial company blocks magic ronaldinho magic: the gathering (game) jamziboyminecraft
my pretty wife winning her first plowing match and a dang good job of it to draft horse percheron show hitch wagon pull cart fast ox horse farming big hitch carriage
edmonton queen riverboat the edmonton river valley is breathtaking in the summer, and if you haven't seen it from on the water, it's added treat. shaw tv edmonton edmonton queen edmonton river valley
a very cool spot-bella coola bound found at a forestry campsite, one self contained spot. bcb bella camper chilcotin one eye lake
whales at lourdes-de-blanc-sablon whale watching in the morning from the comfort of my kitchen window. :) july 12th 2015. whale watching blanc-sablon hump back whale ocean feeding whales
sunrise at halley's one man lake lodge.mpg sunrise at halley's one man lake lodge canada fishing lodge vacation
adamie padlayak - aniqqami inutuulunga arctic char music festival in kangirsuk 2012 fishing contest + acmf 4 015
gramma's ancient tackle box & stuff, my early birthday? my auntie sent me a tackle box that used to belong to my gramma and also some more books about pioneering and rural living (big thanks!!) as well i was bored and cleaning out some boxes so i hooked up my old sega dreamcast.. good times! vlog dreamcast sega tackle box ancient antiques fishing birthday gramma books pioneering ionization ionizer doa2
crowsnest pass to sparwood, elkford british columbia driving timelapse like drivelapse? friend it:   this drive begins at the alberta/british columbia border, and heads west on the crowsnest highway (3) to sparwood, then north on bc 43 to elkford, bc.  music used with written permission:   artist: lee fraged  tracks may include:  skunk ghost (tup007) bless the sinners (original fix) (tup007) bring your own booze (art035) helix (tdn009)    you can find information on my rights to use this music here:   timelapse driving dashcam drivelapse canada british columbia crowsnest
yummy cheesy northern pike recipe ((( give this a try so easy ))) here`s a recipe for northern pike that is the ultimate  flavor  - this resembles my other vid but some were not understanding a few segments -here it is right off the cuff .  margerine -garlic plus spices - lemon juice - cheesy puffs - northern pike (organism classification) recipe (literature subject) easy cooking cooking (award discipline) garlic plus spices cheese puff corn snacks camping cuisine fishing food kitchen lake outdoor education (literature subject) cottage cheese (cheese) brunch meals dinner cuisine healthy meals low trans fat meals weight watcher meals cooking lake fish cooking fish
grizzly bear sight seeing in bella coola filming across the river, noticed how close locals get to the bears. they are so comfortable around them,  if the fish aren't in the river, it would be a different story!!! grizzly bear bella coola river fishing camera sightseeing funny
welcome to port rowan a selection of images of port rowan and long point bay. visit  for more information about norfolk county.  norfolk county's library of video footage is available for media outlets to use free of charge, with permission from norfolk county tourism. contact tourism@norfolkcounty.ca or 519-426-9497. norfolk county port rowan long point lake erie ontario canada long point country travel getaways water fishing shopping town port village
tetrapod launching we were sick of work one day and decided to go play!!! tetrapod atv trailer trailer / boat boat / trailer tub trailer plastic trailer walking beam off road fishing hunting trailer moose trailer
tchesinkut 2014 a selection of clips from our week-long vacation at beaver point resort. tchesinkut tchesinkut lake kayak fishing rainbow trout alana lauren
backcountry horse rider (part 1) - season three a profile of devon canada employee david selinger who enjoys a week in the mountains in search of serenity, and maybe a few cutthroat trout. this former urbanite is all about the back country now! michael short let's go outdoors outdoors mary hulbert alberta devon energy ep06 horse horse back riding devon canada rocky mountains rocky mountain house red angus (animal breed) back country horseback hummingbird creek fishing trout canada (country)
looking for a place to stay on lac seul-check out golden eagle lodge! golden eagle lodge co-owner scott angove talked about the resorts accommodations and services for anglers with mike on our last day at the resort.  scott gave us an update on cabin availability for the rest of the 2010 season.  thanks, alma and scott, for another great week with you!  lac seul, june 2010 lac seul ear falls golden eagle lodge resort walleye northern muskie fishing
tundra and citation madness!! me and my buddy have a bit of fun on our little 250cc sleds enjoy please rate and comment. tundra 250cc snowmobile sleds skidoo ski doo artic cat pancakes fishing water slushing slush power
north of superior: sunset over mcintyre river after dropping of my son at soccer plex, the evening skies caught my eye on this late fall evening. i drove over to the mcintyre river bridge at the intercity and took few quick shots of the sunset. had to rush the shots as i did not have my gloves on...it was getting a bit chilly out there on the bridge this particular evening. enjoy the clip. thunder bay north of superior sunset sunrise mcintyre river neebing river nature landscape
bald eagle comes close bald eagle comes close to pick up some leftover fish fillet fishing bald eagle (organism classification) birds eagle alaska
silver falls portage, quetico provincial park silver falls portage. please check out my book.  quetico saganagons walleye northern pike smallmouth bass fishing camping hiking grand marais canada ontario minnesota canoeing campsite saganaga lake cache bay paddling camp food camping gear island portaging silver falls quetico provencial park silver falls portage waterfall carrying canoes portaging camping gear saganaga wilderness camping
mexico dec 2016 mexico holiday 2016. holiday playa del carmen playa go pro mexico trip quading zipline fishing plane new awesome fun vacation josh mcwillger random first person fpv hero3
crabbing everett 10 28 15 another unsuccessful attempt at getting a few crabs for dinner. we got 14 nice size ones but the only two that were legal size were females.  we used a couple of salmon heads for bait and the crabs loved them. still, a sunny afternoon spent crabbing is what retirement is about. i doubled the speed for a few segments but it still turned out to be almost 39 minutes.  some highlights are when the bait box comes open at 7:56 and the crabs figure out how to get it all the way open at 13:30.  sorry for the non action packed parts but there is plenty of action if you are patient and the current flowing through is soothing. crab crabbing crab pot fish head crab fisheries fishing everett wa everett (city/town/village) puget sound (body of water) port gardner bay snohomish river marina fishing pier boxerdog
bwca quetico 2015  moose bay quetico provincial park (protected site) bwca boundary waters canoe area wilderness (protected site) smallmouth bass (organism classification) walleye (organism classification) northern pike (animal) canoe (ship type) camping fishing ranger bay gopro
churchill river 2015, missinipe to stanley rapids - part 3 short 5 day trip on the churchill river from missinipe to stanley rapids. some sun and a lot of rain. part 3 of 3 kayak fishing churchill river saskatchewan camping stanley mission
yellow pitcher plant has the crab spiders... a crab spider finds a young sarracenia flava trap and finds out it's better than flowers to ambush prey. it even changes its color to match the trap. usually they are bright white or yellow. first time i saw a light green one... crab spider flytrap pitcher plant trap flies paintball outdoors wilderness fishing baseball nature death ownage fail epic killer carnivorous
port de grave harbour at christmas each year all the boats in port de grave harbour have christmas lights. photos: joyce morgan. christmas lights port de grave harbour fishing communities northern avalon newfoundland and labrador
ronnie campbell with sabpeiwf memories interviewed by waldron leard souris pei princeedwardisland 2010 easternkings kingscounty wildlife canada fishing trout
tournoi de pche juin 2016 2 m journe tournoi de pche au dor sur le fleuve saint laurent tournament fishing walleye dor noir 2016
dor  la jig 9 novembre 2015 pche de dor  la jig sur le fleuve saint laurent avec un ami. la scne se droule le 9 novembre de cette anne. fishing pche walleye dor saint laurent river
stranded on the ice in restigouche.mp4 person stranded on ice while attempting to fish , help went to save him no long after the call was made .but getting the boat to go save him was a bit of a chore ,just getting small craft down to the open water was difficult .    thanks .  reg robichaud restigouche co water ice stuck help fisherman smelt fishing ve9rej reg northshore mcleods
common loon (gavia immer) in waterton lakes national park a common loon (gavia immer) doing its thing in maskinonge lake. sticking its head in the water periodically to look for fish and at one point looking upwards to scan the sky. so much behaviour! gavia immer lake water diving dive feeding fishing
 14    14 
les griffons du grand gasp produit par craroy  griffons grand gasp football gasp
   slate creek,   ,  26 ,  1200 ,    2500 , ,     yukon gold
frigid mountains of alaska hd 1080p canon hg10 frigid mountains of alaska - recorded from window of a commercial airline. shot with canon hg10 alaska frigid glaciers ice frozen canon hg10
house finch singing in regina, sk canada house finch singing, at the royal saskatchewan museum, regina, saskatchewan, canada - april 16, 2013 sk saskatchewan sask canada house finch finch regina bird birding birdsong bird song bird singing
a newfoundland summer - across the island  canada newfoundland nfld st john's whales whale-watching travel
dale bmw f650gs water crossing second water crossing on the newfoundland t'railway. f650 water crossing adventure
montage de pche 2 montage de photos et de vidos de pche au dor et brochet,plusieurs autres animaux aussi. pche dor brochet pike walleye fishing nord qubec
katleen river french talking. in fall full of graylings, rainbows and lake trout spawning grounds. flyfishingyukon689.com river (geographical feature category) fishing
stephen catching a 123 lb pound halibut in sitka huge halibut! halibut fishing sitka alaska kaupang
dog drives boat harbercraft a friends dog pancake liked the boat.  video by jason (that is why it is shaky, if i'd have video'd it, it would be perfect) harbercraft south saskatchewan river saskatchewan canada saskatchewan leader saskatchewan river boat jet boat kingfisher fishing
bwca 2011: cherokee loop   sawbill cherokee bwca walleye canoe camping fishing minnesota
wedding of stacy hartikka & justin pohlman here's the abbreviated ceremony, reception, and entertainment celebration for stacy & justin from nelson's resort at crane lake, minnesota. crane lake wedding stacy justiin pohlman nelsons resort fishing
yellowknife bay yellowknife bay . august 14, 2016. watch in hd for better viewing.enjoy! yellowknife dji phantom 1 2 3 aerial photography video high def high definition canada scenic awesome beautiful destination epic viral vancouver quebec edmonton montreal arctic winter vacation aurora borealis northern lights lake mountain great slave lake river biggest lake big deep river deep lake fishing viral viral world drone
bella-desgagne the view from my deck ocean view bella desgagne ocean blanc-sablon south-west wind bella-desgagne flyercan
minecraft: scariest horror map ever - minecraft the monastary - ep 1 subscribe to tynecraft for more shenanigans!   tyan, a brand new priest in training, or p.i.t. for short, is given a first task to exercise a demon in an old monastery! will he be able to complete his training and become a real priest, or will he be overcome by the challenging task at hand?  minecraft the monastery is a minecraft horror map for minecraft 1.7 or higher. the monastery is arguably the scariest minecraft horror map the minecraft community has to offer! from a progressively revealing, rich back story, to all the jump scares and gloomy chills you expect from a quality horror map, the monastery has it all!  i strongly suggest playing this map on your own discretion. when i say it's scary, i mean it's scary! caution: swearing like a sailor is a common side-effect!  here's the link to minecraft the monastery if you're brave enough!   thanks to bickercraft for making minecraft the monastery! you got me :-) tynecraft tyan kevkand minecraft monastery minecraft the monastery minecraft (video game) the monastery minecraft monastery minecraft the monastery horror map horror map minecraft horror map the monastery horror minecraft scariest minecraft scariest horror map new scary minecraft the
evinrude trolling motor fix prt 2 what a simple fix good deal . evinrude trolling motor engine electric motor (invention) fishing electric motor (engine category)
churchill river 2015, missinipe to stanley rapids - part 1 short 5 day trip on the churchill river from missinipe to stanley rapids. some sun and a lot of rain. part 1 of 3 kayak fishing churchill river saskatchewan camping stanley mission
kay lake & island a comprehensive view of kay lake and its island. canada ontario nestor falls fishing lake fly-in travel tourism kay lake outpost lodge cabin island
clear lake a brief tour of our clear lake outpost. canada ontario nestor falls fishing lake fly-in travel tourism clear clear lake outpost lodge cabin
tir owen - cabin in maine lakefront cabin on flying pond, mt. vernon, maine cabin maine flying pond cabin rent lakefront mt. vernon summer swimming fishing canoeing kayaking rent
ranger 330v in my 1992 ranger 330v.    with an awesome 1993 135 mercury black max.  we were hitting 50 mph at 4000 rpm.    fun fun fun!!    st. albans bay lake champlain ranger 330v 1992 mercury 135 hp black max 1993 fast bass boat lake champlain st. albans bay footage fishing bass test run
sitka alaska herring season 2014 sitka alaska herring season 2014 sitka (us county) herring (organism classification) alaska (us state) fishing
polebridge to camas bridge, outside north fork road, flathead national forest, montana early june 2015 polebridge camas bridge north fork flathead river road scenery flathead national forest montana tour fishing
kamloops neighbourhood spotlight: brocklehurst explore the kamloops neighbourhood of brocklehurst with royal lepage realtor, jennifer huseby.   for more information:   cell 250.318.5071 brocklehurst kamloops bc moving to kamloops realtor real estate
rserve mastigouche, six-chutes, parts 2   six chutes parts 2
comment faire des filets de dor - la mthode yvan ltourneau le filet de dor est bien prpar avec cette mthode, il y a trs peu de pertes et une nouveaut, on rcupre les nageoires pelviennes ou ventrales et on peut ensuite les tremper dans la farine est les frire dans l'huile. par chez nous ces nageoires frites sont appeles des casques de viking. filet dor poisson casques de vicking drle
19630800 beaucanton abitibi voyage chez les cousins tremblay en abitibi beaucanton abitibi tremblay cousin 1963 voyage
minecraft ~ prsentation du mob "ghast" ce vido vous prsente le mob "ghast" en plus de quelques mods. si vous avez suggestion(s), commentaire(s) ou autre, commenter la vido ou envoyer moi un message via youtube. merci minecraft ghast mobs info
andy mapachee et ses teamates andy avec ses coquipiers......prt pour l'affrontement pour le tournoi rgionnal hockey
r/c helicopter u5 gyro je m'amuse avec mon cadeau de nol 2011 r/c helicopter u5 gyro bell 412
vermilion dam lodge summer aerial video vermilion dam lodge is located at in the bay where the waters of lake vermilion near cook, minnesota flows over the dam, and down the rapids where it begins the vermilion river.  aerial videography by tom merchant - go360media filmed with a dji inspire 1 uav (unmanned aerial vehicle). unmanned aerial vehicle (aircraft type) aerial video aerial photography (website category) fishing lake vermilion vermilion river northern minnesota go360media tom merchant
that's the best! steelhead dinner on the griddle-q cooking steelhead on the griddle-q, stainless steel cookware for your bbq,  you have pots & pans for your stove; now there's griddle-q for the barbecue! would you look at that griddleq griddle fishing hunting tailgating barbecue cooking fun exciting salmon steelhead trout fisherman
enjoy downtown port clinton, ohio! a brief 60 second taste of what downtown port clinton, oh has to offer on the scenic shores of lake erie.  video sponsored by main street port clinton.   walleye capital lake erie islands port clinton (city/town/village) fishing boating perch shopping night life ohio (us state) commercial for port clinton ohio
grassy river high falls winter scenes a collection of photographs of grassy river high falls in the winter and spring months. photographs grassy river river high falls waterfalls winter spring hiking kayaking adventure sporting wilderness cold rushing raging forest boreal fishing camping nature wildlife snow ice challenge
dorion bible camp 1995 staff overnight at camp for a few years we had a kind of kick off event in the spring (?): a sleepover for staff. i think the ladies slept in elaine's house and the guys in the chapel basement. here we see the friday evening meal, followed by some sort of devotional or sermon by chris frey. dorion bible camp 1995 thunder bay richard pepper meal eating food sermon fishing youth camp (style)
saumon rivire rimouski 2012 film with gopro rivire rimouski 2012 saumon pche salmon fishing rimouski rivire sage gaspsie gopro peche au fly
off road et pche en kayak septembre 2016 10 septembre 2016....    on as essayer d'aller voir un lac dans fond du bois ( trouver avec google maps) mais aucune trail y allais  donc on as fini par aller au petit lac secret pche peche fishing angler kayak feelfree
st. john's newfoundland - to the music of great big sea a tour through st. john's newfoundland by thetimetraveler.net featuring the music of great big sea - when i'm up and lukey, country side cottage ocean pubs culture history music celtic fishing small town tour tourism thetimetraveler.net newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) st. john's (city/town/village) culture of ireland (literature subject) newfoundland the maritimes (location) canada (country) music video (tv genre) travel nature british video irish music great big sea summer atlantic lobster fishing village ice bergs when i'm up lukey
northern tier bissett gopro edit august 2016 edit from a 5 day trip in the canadian wilderness on canoes at northern tier bissett.  song: coastin' by zion i  filmed 100% on gopro hero 3 white and edited on gopro studio northern tier bissett gopro canoe canoeing canada high adventure camping lake river fishing water walleye rapids waterfall manitoba portage float plane coastin zion i
pourvoirie scott 2011.mov pche sur le rservoir mitchinamecus scott mitchinamecus boats pourvoirie pche fishing jean-michel blais
keewaydin camp: wilderness canoe tripping for girls join the adventure!  keewaydin camp is an unforgettable summer experience for girls (ages 10-18) through adventurous canoe trips. these fun, empowering and safe excursions build outdoor skills while fostering strength, leadership, self reliance and confidence. adventure fun wildlife growth confidence white water lakes quebec labrador hudson's bay outdoors camping swimming paddling fishing water empowering strength outdoor skills summer camp river
cow moose bathurst lake new brunswick quiet paddle up to 2 cow moose in the water. moose canoe lake fishing
north saskatchewan river camping and hunting on the north saskatchewan river between forestry trunk road and saunders. north saskatchewan river
whale watching. grand manan 2013 our family and our best friends family went whale watching in grand manan the other day. mobile video cellphone grand manan island (island) whale watching animals wildlife whales
chasing geese off our lawn we have so many geese we can't walk on our lawn without stepping in you know what so chasing them away is the only solution. ivan fraser geese glen margaret chasing geese
d.i.y. camping water filter - video response this is a field test of a very simple and inexpensive homemade water filter setup made from a recycled coffee creamer container, a brita water filter and one 2 inch rubber o-ring. the setting for this test is beautiful norway lake located inside puzzle lake provincial park, canada. please rate this video.  thanks for watching!    please watch the original video by nchiker1970 for full diy instructions:      special thanks to nchiker1970 for help with this video brita water recycle econo challenge camping hiking fishing nature backpacking camp craft homemade filter purification purify potable drinking survival diy wilderness norway lake ontario instructional video econo challenge crafts educational guide hunting how to how-to summer water filter (product category) how-to (website category) fun
kenny anderson's algonquin park trip, may 1-4, 2011.wmv went out on the annual spring algonquin park trip with some good friends, wes taylor, and mike aho.  my brother, ian, went out the day before with his dog and got the site ready.  what a trip, and it was good times as always. algonquin park kenny anderson egb speckled trout flipped canoe beer booze vodka fishing drunken idiots good times
essai sur l'eau bateau de pche alumacraft ~ le phare nautique petit montage de nos essais sur l'eau du 21-22-23 juin dernier, voyez nos bateaux de pche alumacraft en action !    suivez nous sur facebook: le phare nautique  bateau course pche lac alumacraft lepharenautique moteur yamaha evinrude fishing boat engine
mls# 1272431, pair of waterfront homes for sale on wilson lake, in wilton, maine 04294 57 camp road, wilton, maine 04294....$465,000 two, year-round cottages on 1.44 acres with 284 feet on wilson lake, private spot, level and beautiful. larger cottage has large deck for entertaining w/ 2 big bedrooms & 2 full baths, w/ laundry. smaller cottage has 2 bedrooms w/ 1 bathroom & large screened in porch, both overlooking lake. 2 car garage w/ storage above & a shed. they both have great rental history too! use to vacation, entertain, live year round and/or rent 1 or both out for added income. lakefront waterfront coldwell banker sandy river realty wendy wright realtor wilson lake wilton maine 04294 57 camp road boating swimming fishing waterfront camp waterfront cottage farmington maine wendy wright
exploits river october flood 2016 badger cute oct 11th 2016 there was an epic amount of rainfall that caused flood conditions for several communities in central newfoundland.  to those suffering loss and damages, our hearts and thoughts go out to you. this video was made more for those of us greatly familiar with our trip.  i thought the curious people would like to see what flood conditions looked like for us.  this is not a promotional video and i didn't do much in the way of editing so bare with the poor quality.  also, we took proper precautions, used proper safety gear, and we are white water rescuers.  do not attempt anything you see in this video without consulting safety professionals and use proper equipment. exploits river newfoundland central flood high water rafting
creative artworks, (self taught artists) paint your life! hello, my name is gina.  my art share telepathy experiences into the twilight zone. i enjoy people who show their artistic abilities and create visual art.  i believe each stroke, line, and curvatures are dimensions of a door in a room. we open doors to enter and exit into our lives. art artists paintings artwork fishing self taught artists music poems. poetry hiv/aids
whale-watching with whales-n-sails adventure | new brunswick, canada enjoy quiet wind power aboard our large, comfortable sailing yacht. grand manan is the best place to see whales -- lots of whales!    your guide, a marine biologist, points out rare and endangered animals as you glide through the waters in search of nature's largest mammal.    for more information about whales-n-sails adventure and whale-watching on the bay of fundy in grand manan, please visit:     ---------------------------------------------    la force silencieuse du vent vous mne,  bord d'un grand yacht confortable, au large de grand manan, le meilleur lieu d'observation des baleines.    excursion d'observation des baleines et des oiseaux, avec pour guide une biologiste de la vie marine qui vous apprendra les secrets de la baie.    pour plus d'information sur whales-n-sails adventure et sur les excursions d'observation des baleines de la baie de fundy  partir de l'le grand manan, visiter  new brunswick canada tourism adventure whales grand manan bay of fundy whale whale-watching fishing nature sailboat
dave raymond newly appointed representative of manitouwadge on joint community venture wednesday, june 12th at manitouwadge council's regular meeting dave raymond was appointed manitouwadge's representative on the joint community venture.  click here for the original community joint venture press release (2012)   all your local, daily news is available 24/7 at:   thanks to dave raymond  follow us:    (english)  (french)  produced by ontarionewsnorth.com  copyright ontarionewsnorth.com 2013 news manitouwadge ontario marathon ontario ojibways of the pic river first nation karina hunter dave raymond township of manitouwadge town of marathon first nations forestry sector forest crown forests forest management nawiinginokiima forest management corporation locam forest mangement northwestern ontario northern ontario economic devlopment economic opportunities value added forest products
hockeyville is manitouwadge manitouwadge for hockeyville    background music:nhl-cbc hockey-night-in-canada-original manitouwadge hockeyville
downtown timmins dog sled.mpg downtown timmins ontario dog sled rides on 3rd ave.   timmins ontario dog gofor roll'n
my bushcraft fire kit a demonstration of the fire making items in my bushcraft fire kit. also a discussion on the important differences between survival fire and bushcraft fire-making items. special thanks to louis at lt survival for supplying the nice tin.  bushcraft survival preppers shtf wilderness outdoors backpacking camping fire survival skills (tv genre)
anzac, canada 2008 vbs and power team compilation of pictures taken at willow lake baptist church during various activities including vbs, power team and baptisms. nitro john kopta danny benedetto michael collins bill hall baseball bats fishing pike walleye willow lake baptist curch salvations baptism water bottles ice
fast game 4 vs 4 at prairie storm paintball.  this is probably the fastest game of paintball i'v ever played so far.......  gear:  -jt full coverage -spyder mr4 -tachyon helmet camera.  moose jaw, sk paintball (sport) sport (industry) outdoor sports funny industry (quotation subject) fishing game speed ever best greatest furious play station quick race forward
fly-in fish inn walking tour - sitka, alaska goto  for more. fly-in fish inn is located in sitka, alaska alaska fishing sitka bushplanes floatplanes lodge
live life alaskan: go out and find it in alaska, adventure is everywhere . . . you just have to go out and find it.  here is a day in the life with alaskan brewer/commercial fisherman michael king. all footage was taken in and around juneau, alaska with alaskan brewing crew, family and friends. cheers! vignette fishing darin 040512 youtube sharing copy
michael owens surfs a super long wave at scorpion bay.mov one of the best surfers in the world: michael owens, has a great ride at second peak! surf scorpion bay long board arrow chicks bikini hotline tacos tecate ocean waves naked fishing mexico baja bug stripper allen david nikon d90
reliance airways ltd - overview floatbase reliance airways ltd - overview floatbase, dan wettlaufer chief pilot  -relianceairways.ca dan wettlaufer andrew lake lodge reliance airways alberta trophy fishing air hunting charter cessna 206 180 bush flying
canoeing quetico provincial park 2010 2010 trip to kawnipi canada 2010 camping backpacking fishing pike canoeing canoe quetico provincial park kawnipi kayak how to bass paddling kayaking portage portaging kodak playsport presents travel log hiking outdoors tourism pond slalom
angerman's family clothing & sporting goods family owned & operated retail store in wrangell, alaska. wrangell alaska fishing hunting cruising shopping alaska fishing alaska wrangell retail children's clothing gifts travel alaska
my fondest memories by savannah  subsistence nutrition herring eggs alaska fishing tradition native family
southeast alaska's alexander archipelago and climate change   a commercial fisherman in southeast alaska expands on his essay  (titled, "a beautiful shrimp") in the union of concerned scientists'/ penguin classics book, "thoreau's legacy: american stories about global warming". this video expounds more on the panoply of species affected by ocean acidification and the importance of making climate change a priority concern for everyone. thoreau's legacy: american stories about global warming ocean acidification climate change southeast alaska commercial fishing impacts inside passage alexander archipelago tongass national forest/ humpback whale/ dalls porpoise/ black bear/ salmon dungeness crab
travel vlog - bob's lake, westport, perth, ottawa - ontario canada atlasconnect.tv : travel vlog  in this episode i travel to some big and small towns in ontario canada!   we explore:  1000 island tower hill island gift shop  -perth, ontario canada canadian tire store giant tiger store tim hortons cafe perth info center coutts mill cafe ground waves store dragon moon store the book nook store coutts coffee cafe book worm store homing instinct store o'reilly's pub & eatery  -westport, ontario canada visitor center cottage coffee house new beginnings art store kudrinkos grocery  village green store vanilla bean creamery & cafe collectors cove b&b&antiques tangled garden restaurant the rock shop westport pharmacy  grist mill art gallery scheuermann vineyard and winery spy rock  -bob's lake, ontario canada bob's lake cottages and rentals twin oaks camp bob's lake exploration  -ottawa canada: 73 north restaurant  the hill area westport perth travel travel vlog travel blog ontario canada atlas connect bobs lake hiking fishing vacation holiday boating winery canada day cliff jumping journey adventure trek voyage tour sightsee digital nomad trip seek traverse wanderlust roadtrip budget travel free travel tourism remote work travel job journalism explore vlogging bucketlist lonely planet longterm travel couch surfing vagabond nomad family travel tour guide travel the world
attean lake lodge in jackman, maine - vacation cottage resort this video (c) 2012 attean lodge.  all rights reserved. jackman maine moose river valley vacation families lodge beaches wildlife islands couples summer holiday family travel cottage log cabin resort hiking mountain climbing boating kayaking fishing canoe sail swim pond lake lobster relax peaceful serene nature stunning scenic scenery loon eagle brad barrett andrea holden camp island boat kayak hike camping family fun adventure northern wilderness
survivorman, les stroud, arctic tundra survivorman season-3 trailer for actic tundra survivorman arctic fishing char survival tundra baffin island les stroud barry farrell
14ft lifetimer, 30hp evinrude the boat alone is about 425lbs. the engine is a '92 two stroke in very good condition. this was with a 10x15 prop. it topped out at 45 km/h, and at 35 km/h i got about 3 km/l. i've changed to a 10x17 prop, and i'll update when i get some hard data. i have a 2hp two stroke on it also. the 2hp pushes it along at about 2-5 km/h. if you're looking for a boat and you see a lifetimer, get it. thick aluminum, all welded, lots of freeboard, it'll take more abuse than you can.    56.128141,-122.464943 boating williston lake boats aluminum boat (literature subject) evinrude lifetimer water fishing speed acceleration 30hp welded 2 stroke outboard outboard motor (invention) hudson's hope reservoir british columbia canada
sept 8th scouting trip part 2 coming down from the top peak fishing motor sports outdoor sports july 4th grade sports road 5th motorcycle pets hunting kaiser german shepard bchunter bchuntertv bchunter4life bc bear goat guide bike fireworks bicycle (sports equipment) june 8th fourth 4th july 6th 7th july 4 (day of year) fireworks (2000 tv series) anniversary 10th 3rd extreme action 25th july part november combat football august winter
adventure in the alaska inside passage promotional video for the charter yacht m/y midnight sun alaska whales inside passage glaciers charters fishing boat cruise bear
university of michigan-dearborn harlem shake just shaking up the uc, for more great stuff go to :  michigan college fishing university student school graduation fun university (constituency) students campus education detroit having metro station lake community having fun shake friends wash harlem shake harlem shake michigan dearborn hilarious funny basketball comedy catch some city bass fly boss college hfcc umd wayne state university of michigan university of michigan-dearborn (organization)
driving against the current 2 this time with uncle on the steering with a mercury 15hp 4 stroke ss. river rage rugget hunting fishing
boutique boraldesign - ultimate multisport propel 12' kayak kayaks water sport boutique boraldesign boral design boral design native pdales de pche fishing ultimate multisport propel borealdesign boreal
awenda provincial park - july 2016 we went camping at awenda provincial park, it was beautiful. camping awenda provincial park beach fishing ontario parks corona fire pit tent family canada ontario georgian bay kettle's lake snake campground
high water and a weird looking duck with babies  stream lake duck ducklings fishing water nature outdoors birds river ducks funny weird outdoor sports bird crazy random wildlife
boundary waters canoe trip 2011 jeff and brian hit the water over labor day weekend for a great canoe adventure through the gunflint trail area, superior national forest, and the boundary waters canoe area for a two night three day trip.    we experienced various species of wildlife, weather, nature, and beauty over this trip.  we spotted numerous loons, turtles, red-breasted merganser, birds, chipmunks, and fish.  it was our first experience in the bwca and it was more amazing than we had expected.    this video takes you through our journey, experiences, and lessons learned.    thank you to the gunflint northwoods outfitters who were our outfitters and helped us get into this great journey. bwca boundary waters canoe area minnesota brian jeff prom grand marais fishing gunflint
keewaydin camp: wilderness canoe tripping for girls join the adventure!  keewaydin camp is an unforgettable summer experience for girls (ages 10-18)  through adventurous canoe trips. these fun, empowering  and safe excursions build outdoor skills while fostering  strength, leadership, self reliance and confidence. adventure fun wildlife growth confidence white water lakes quebec labrador hudson's bay outdoors camping swimming paddling fishing water empowering strength outdoor skills summer camp
pche au barbu de la rivire chaudire sous l'autoroute 20 pche au barbu dans la rivre chaudire sur la rive-sud de qubec,la journe de la fte des pre 2012. riviere chaudiere quebec peche fishing barbu canada eau water poissons poisson city shimano abu garcia autoroute 20 route outdoor sports
detroit river jet ski ride. a jet ski ride down the detroit river looking for waves.           7-30-10 jeff hargan detroit river bryan beebe. jet ski jumping lake water fishing row welcome motorcycle motor sports agility backflip boat saints michigan 1wmv
deboullie shots of devoullie public lands in northern maine deboullie maine aroostook pond hills hiking fishing camps every grain of sand nature camping tourism fun weekend
burgeo nl july 8 2007 videos taken while sitting outside in my lawnchair. burgeo fishing boats seadoo boating newfoundland
review firebox stove (fr) don't forget to like , share , subscribe and comment :)  facebook:   hotmail:   bushcraft bushcrafting firebox stove review air rifle hunting chasse air rifle hunting fishing peche camping umarex steelforce steelforce steelforce mod ruger beeman beeman p17 p17 wild nature red dot sight reddot reddot sight survie survival shooting tir pest control charbonneau shimano crosman canadian canadien knife couteau flashlight head torch digital camo hunting canada hunting gear military gear gear wood quebec canada bushcrafting-qc-
riding back to set riding back to set fishing sockeye
bus-zooka - onboard safety video in 2014 all bus-zooka's passengers and guests will be required to watch this video featuring safety procedures, passenger's guidelines and onboard equipment operation. serious and funny at the same time! *english version with portuguese subtitles. bus-zooka team bus-zooka safety video travel camping adventure fishing guto penteado canada rv recreational vehicle (industry) bus (mass transportation system) outdoors motorhome comfort army camouflage military holiday summer fun survival family weekend onboard tent funny camo equipment operation safety features and procedures passenger
salmon spectacular  part 03 fun at the tent our small contribution for development to owen sound salmon spectacular salmon (ingredient) holiday summer amazing fun family fishing party owen sound (city/town/village) owen sound attack (ice hockey team) cool great best nice good
hornby lake outpost part 10 of the chimo lodge outpost tour - hornby lake outpost. fishing ontario canada red lake northern pike walleye trout chimo lodge outpost
bearberry outpost on warwick lake the last outpost of the chimo lodge outpost tour is bearberry outpost on warwick lake. join us as we also take a boat ride to a nearby portage lake. fishing ontario canada red lake northern pike walleye lake trout chimo lodge outpost warwick lake bearberry
miller lake outpost part 8 of the chimo lodge outpost tour - miller lake outpost fishing ontario canada red lake northern pike walleye lake trout chimo lodge outpost miller lake
5 minutes from home _ our yellowknife one does not have to travel far from the city of yellowknife in order to enjoy pristine lakes, campfires and a host of outdoor activities. check it out for yourself! city of yellowknife great slave lake northwest territories (canadian territory) yzf x1a yellowknife fotr long lake yellowknife river (river) canoeing (sport) paddle boarding wake boarding swimming folk on the rocks erebus and terror artless collective cliff jumping somba k'e civic plaza erase the stars summer skateboarding (sport) moosehide norseman float plane cycling (sport) midnight sun aurora borealis northern lights fishing farmers market
an evening with harriet - part 03 - clearwater lodge bwca   this is part three of "an evening with harriet" - a special learning event about what it was like growing up in the north woods of minnesota in the early 1900's.  harriet boostrom taus reflects on memories of her father, charlie boostrom.  charlie boostrom founded clearwater historic lodge almost a century ago.  the lodge is now the oldest lodge on the gunflint trail. clearwater historic lodge clearwater lodge boundary waters bwca fishing camping lodge historic history gunflint trail charlie boostrom harriet boostrom taus evening with harriet minnesota clearwater lake bwcaw
gestion de la pche et de la faune programme de gestion de la pche et de la faune au collge boral avec dr. andr ferron. college boreal collge sudbury pche faune fishing education spawning
saranac slam 2014 april 2014 lake-run trout catches at the saranac river mouth 23" brown trout, 20" brown trout, 26" lake trout all caught on a silver #3 blue fox super vibrax inline spinner  music: intro- the xx (i do not own) saranac slam 2014 saranac saranac river fishing trout connor ramsdell livebreatheoutdoors plattsburgh ny daiwa quantum fishing lake trout brown trout gopro lake champlain
when the plane touched down in roddickton roddickton, newfoundland, roddickton newfoundland jumping travel log high speed cycling kayak water sport fishing extreme sports snow bikes biking tourism stunts backflip offroad agility rail reef cruiser
girl almost goes down rapids! this person almost went down the rapids while white water rafting white water rafting outdoors swimming dirtbike ottawa canada hunting fishing cottage country tubing fails living trial ridding seadoo honda jetski fun
commercial crabbing in puget sound commercial crabbing in puget sound crabbing crab fishing puget sound coalition fishing catch crab save our crab
southeast alaska 2009 southeast alaska photos from my camera in 2009, and a song i wrote called hambone harmonics. sailboat hunting excursion inlet alaska fishing homeshores juneau douglas mendenhall glacier guitar hunt gun craig fowler
excursion spring09 spring in excursion inlet alaska and a song i wrote. excursion spring 09 alaska juneau southeast fishing hunting boating amazing views guitar boat craig fowler
the beast (new version) 1991 a new version of a old video from   lake of the woods. crg500 lake of the woods 1991 fishing
sketchy atv trail - pt. 2 - cubbee tries to defy gravity - aug. 21, 2014 part 2. once again we were attempting to get to gullwing and ended up getting sidetracked.thought we would try to find a short cut cross country to the sketchy trail that ck had to use diff lock on earlier in the year.  we made it, but our short cut trail turned into a four hour ride that you couldn't really call an atv trail.  did i mention there were bugs? be sure to check out part 1 of  "sketchy trail" where we go "up & over".  if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter:   you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our new faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:               you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo      background music is downloaded from the youtube audio library. title: get there author: silent partner all-terrain vehicle (product category) yamaha grizzly kodiak atv quad 4 wheeler ride fishing cubbeezx cubbee ck trails outdoor recreation atv riding off road 4x4 go pro vlogging helmet cam sena bluetoothe helmet atv fun adventure wheelie funny video blog (website category) camera honda
city of dryden in two and a half minutes - gopro time lapse a 1600 photo time lapse tour of our city of dryden on a sunny, cold day.  feb. 26 2011. available in 1080p hd.       music: atlantean twilight  used under the creative commons license.  downloaded from  dryden ontario canada cubbeezx winter gopro hero hd time lapse cold city ice road fishing nissan titan tourism camping chris pronger camera snow picture paper mill
dec. 27 2013 - a quick check of the ice on the atv's happy new year! this extreme cold we have been having for the past month and a half has really sucked! a one day break from the cold, had us out on the grizzly and kodiak to check out the conditions of the ice on the lake for the first time this season. seems to be a lot of ice, unfortunately with all the snow we have had this year, there is also a lot of slush. we made it across the lake ok this time, but since this video was taken, the conditions have gotten much worse. hopefully, the weather is supposed to improve by the weekend and we can then put the tracks back on the grizzly.   if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter:   you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our new faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:            you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo     atv quad yamaha grizzly kodiak 700 450 lake ice cold winter canada ontario fishing slush cubbeezx snow trails grooming night led new year vlogger atv vlogger moto vlogger video blog (industry) atv rdie 4 wheeler all-terrain vehicle (contact product) frozen lake
in search of the rock igloo on atv - apr. 26 2015 we had a viewer send us some info on a cool "rock igloo" looking thing he came across while hunting in the area. not sure if it is something that the railroad company used to store explosives in or just what it is. unfortunately, we were only able to get within a half mile of it no matter what direction we came from. we will have to go back and try again one day. we did have an awesome day of exploring as we have never been on some of these trails before.   if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter:   you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our new faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:                 you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo     atv quad trails yamaha grizzly kodiak exploring igloo ontario canada north western bush wildlife fishing lakes wash out cubbee ck gopro vlog adventure railroad all-terrain vehicle (product category) rail transport (industry) motocross honda
yamaha kodiak and grizzly find a little mud near contact bay - june 30 2012 south of town this time. out in the contact bay area. it usually has lots of ticks, only came across one this time out!  came across a few mud-holes that we were able to make use of the zilla's in. they seem to work great. had been here a couple years ago on the old honda's with stock tires and we really got stuck. not happening this time! took a break and parked in the water in trap lake. looked down and there was a walleye fish that swam right up to us! about a 2 pounder. pretty cool!  if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   join us on facebook:   you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo     grizzly 700 kodiak 450 gopro mud mudhole 4x4 hero hd2 cubbeezx atv fishing wildlife yamaha quad ontario canada off-road lake outdoor sports
winter all terrain vehicle tracking on the yamaha kodiak & grizzly - jan.17, 2015 yamaha all terrain vehicles on commander tracks!  can you hear me now??? unfortunately, we had some audio problems on this ride. turns out that one of the new helmet communicators we were trying had a problem. it has been sent in for repairs so hopefully we won't have that happen again. the yamaha's and kimpex commander tracks worked flawlessly though and we had a heck of a good time tracking around north of town.   if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter:   you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our new faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:                 you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo      background music is called: pucker up by jingle punks downloaded from the youtube audio library all-terrain vehicle (product category) yamaha grizzly kodiak atv quad 4 wheeler ride fishing cubbeezx cubbee ck commander tracks atv tracks tracks trails outdoor recreation winter fun frozen lake atv riding off road 4x4 go pro vlogging helmet cam sena bluetooth helmet atv fun adventure wheelie funny video blog camera can am outlander atv adventure shaw tv
yamaha grizzly's crossing the ice to fox island - boxing day 2011 happy new year and i hope everyone had a great christmas! we venture out for a ride across the lake to fox island aboard the yamaha grizzly 700 and the kodiak 450. there has been more snow falling lately, but it still isn't too bad going with the yamaha's. trying out our new gopro hero 2 this day. too bad there wasn't a bit of sun to make it look better. filmed it in 1080p just to try something different. watch it in full screen for maximum viewing pleasure! lol     yamaha grizzly kodiak 700 450 gopro hero2 cubbeezx atv snow ice lake road fishing fire cliff donuts all-terrain vehicle quad winter four outdoor sports extreme winter sports riding
yamaha grizzly atv on tracks  1 - arctic cat zl440 stuck in slush 0 - ck gets stuck - mar.24 2013 on march 24th we went out with the grizzly on tracks and the zl 440.  weren't planning on having any major adventures, but when ck got stuck in the slush things changed.  somehow the actual video footage of the "extraction" has disappeared.  maybe ck had something to do with it, lol.  had to be careful not to get the grizzly stuck and the winch wouldn't even pull it out...just kept digging it deeper.  we had just started digging when  2 friendly snowmobilers came along and gave us a hand!  they helped us lift it out and turn it around.  if it hadn't been for them we would have been there awhile.  a big thank you to these guys!  if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter:   you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our new faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:         you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo     yamaha grizzly arctic cat zl 440 stuck slush lake ice snow trails winter cubbeezx atv quad snowmobile sled snowmachine ontario canada fishing tracks tatou t4s yamaha grizzly yamaha atv yamaha quad grizzly 700 atv trail ride atvs yamaha quad atv trails atv quads yamaha atvs honda atv atv yamaha yamaha atv atv trail
grizzly kodiak & sportsman conquer 7 mile road from minnehaha to gold rock out with some friends and their polaris sportsman 400, to check out the trail to minnehaha. this is where the boats would come from wabigoon and dock at boudreaus's landing. the people and cargo would then be transported to the gold mines at gold rock by land from there. quite the place in it's day i hear!  this was quite a short trail so we then thought we would just "check" the trail from there to gold rock which was formerly known as the "7 mile road".  you weren't supposed to be able to go up this road because of damage caused by beaver flooding, but the first part looked pretty good, so we carried on. about half ways in, the trail definitely turned into quite a challenge and work-out!! there were a couple of detours around the flooded areas which turned out to be quite the ride!! took about 4.5 hours to go 7 miles. but, i guess we made it. this just in....you can go to gold rock that way. well at least at this time of the year. might have been impossible when it was wet. we actually were back exploring around the mine areas this past weekend, watch for an upcoming video on that in the near future!  if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo     yamaha atv grizzly kodiak polaris sportsman quad trail offroad ontario gold rock minnehaha cubbeezx canada lakes fishing
grizzly vs kodiak - atv eco race rematch - amesdale aug.4 2014 north of town this time. out to do some exploring around amesdale. when we came across a long steep hill, ck figured it was a great time for an eco race rematch! we really got moving coasting down that hill, lots of fun!  if you like our videos, be sure to comment, share, thumbs up and subscribe! an add to your featured "other channels box" would also be greatly appreciated.   thanks for watching!  join us on facebook:    you can also find us on twitter:   you can also check us out on our blog page:   be sure to check out our new faq we have been working on, while you are there!  thanks to the following partners:                 you pet lovers might want to check out our other channel: pawsthevideo      background music is called: mob battle by silent partner downloaded from the youtube audio library all-terrain vehicle (product category) yamaha grizzly kodiak atv quad 4 wheeler ride fishing cubbeezx eco race cubbee ck trails outdoor recreation (interest) atv riding off road 4x4 go pro vlogging helmet cam sena bluetooth helmet atv fun kimpex adventure wheelie funny race video blog (website category) honda train
timelapse riviere o'sullivan rivire o sullivan prs de miquelon. miquelon (city/town/village) waswanipi quebec (location) lac pusticamica pche dor brochet
gouin reservoir (oasis outfitter info).wmv information gouin reservoir
knobby fly in 2014 knobby fly-in 2014 knobby fly-in t-mo
rservoir gouin( info.oasis).wmv  rservoir gouinoasis
brown's bay chum derby - party 2012 now everybody fishing derby fish brown's bay party
taha in the arctic - sublimation! when liquid becomes gas arctic iqaluit water gas sublimation
cruisin gimli beach car show 2011 highlights from the 2011 cruisin gimli beach car show.  with over 700 entries, the 2011 show was huge.  but, the tenth show is sure to be bigger and better.  with over 1000 entries expected make sure to put gimli on your summer calendar. beach ride wheels gimli winnipeg beach car show
testing a pungo 120 kayak this is a very stable kayak. notoriously stable. but, we wanted to know what it took to flip it over (not a kayak roll)? we put the kayak in a friend's pool and found the point of no return. the flip occurs around 1:00. you can almost get the water line to the coaming. in very choppy water we have found the kayak to be very stable and predictable if you keep your hips loose, like you're supposed to. it's a great first kayak for recreational use. pungo 120 kayak flip wet exit wilderness systems
alabama arrowhead hunting 6-16-11.wmv today's field finds. they're still coming out! arrowheads arrowhead native american artifacts indian hunting flint alabama al field finds rock rocks relic ancient culture heritage
disney car toy with surprise eggs and paw patrol micro lites! surprise eggs with toys including disney cars, paw patrol and more!  paw patrol micro lites are super cool, when you press the paw patrol pup ears on both sides, the bottom of the micro lite lights up with an led light.  the disney cars color changing car is a lot of fun, check out my color changing videos here:   subscribe here:   watch more surprise toys, eggs and presents at birthdaycandyland videos here: learn to count to ten!  counting to ten is a great video for children and toddlers.  i hope you like it!  disney cars color changers!  disney cars and starwars surprise eggs unboxing:  paw patrol toy unboxing: disney cars color changing toy in the rain!  it works!   surprise gifts of minecraft toys and super mario blind bag toys and a surprise egg unboxing -  surprise gift super mario bomb blind bag and kinder surprise bumble bee transformer -  surprise gift lego movie surprise blind bag large kinder surprise egg surprise present  -  surprise gifts of kinder surprise egg spiderman surprise egg super mario coin box surprise toy -  play doh minecraft surprise eggs and toys avengers disney cars barbie episode 3 -  disney cars kinder surprise on surprise eggs and toys hd -  surprise gift of angry bird space icebird surprise toy in a wrapped present -  kinder surprise eggs and toys and wrapped present unboxing - glider and puzzle hd -  paw patrol squishy squirting pups serious cool!    friendly day by kevin macleod is licensed under a creative commons attribution license ( source:  artist:  toy (interest) disney car disney cars cars color changing toy toys surprise eggs surprise toys paw patrol paw patrol micro lites surprise toys and eggs birthdaycandyland birthday candy land playing disney birthday
pche sous glace du maskinong 2017 + techniques voici notre dernire sortie de pche de 2016 mais juste le commencement de notre saison du pche sur glace 2017. dans le vido, on capture un maskinong et on vous explique comment le pcher sous la glace pour avoir de meilleur rsultat ! maskinong technique 2017 2016 bonne anne portneuf qubec
 ()    ()      anabas testudineus (organism classification) house (industry) fish (animal) anabas (organism classification)              
an unexpected find! in this video we unexpectedly stumble onto some old 1930's car parts!  facebook:  urban exploring exploring classic cars barn find chevrolet ford pickup car truck rusty abandoned forgotten found forest hiking model t model a decay salvage junk yard find restore adventure surprise parts auto automotive cool collection metal detecting old house site victorian 1900s 1930 unexpected rat rod salvage yard saved for sale
        fish (animal)
greenland kayaking trip paddling in arctic waters among icebergs of greenland while enjoying the amazing landscapes. whale watching polar camping & hiking whale camping polar hiking kayak greenland (country) kayaking (sport) water summer icebergs glacier narsaq narsarsuaq
landing at revelstoke bc with brad shot by my friend brad yeo on landing in revelstoke (cyrv) for brunch with sherri landing at revelstoke in cessna 172
following tow truck through the virgin snow ... i got stuck with my truck in a woods of northern quebec and called towing service to pull me out of snow. that's how it looked like after. costly disaster on winter roads
minecraft: op prison ep. 6! rank v! minecraft: op prison ep. 6! rank v!  today we mine in a op plot mine that belongs to a friend called "stormanger" and we are now in rank v!  /p h:2 stormanger  ip: dgpvp.com  want graphics? check out here:   dudes:     twitter:  facebook:   computer specs: dell precision 690 ram: 8 gb processor: intel(r) xeon(tm) cpu 3.20ghz 3.19ghz (2 processors) system type: 64 bit os: windows 7 ultimate prison (sentence) video game (industry) minecraft (video game) youtube
arctic north pole training 1 darcy st-laurent on arctic ocean march 2009 mvi 0121
idc kahnawake 2016 formation d'instructeur padi idc instructor training at montreal idc padi padi montreal cdc padi cdc cdc montreal total diviving kahnawake quarry scuba diving padi open water niveau 1 fun diving scuba diving skills
guard your lunch at patricia beach! lunch at patricia beach provincial park is for the birds! really. beach picnic patricia beach manitoba birds sea gulls patricia beach provincial park eastern beach
awesome view above tickle cove spectacular views from the hill above tickle cove. even the rock below your feet is amazing with layer after layer of sparking quartz. this easy 40 minute hike gives outstanding views across the country toward keels, and over bonavista bay. not wonder the grand seduction movie chose this area as a location! vacation rental newfoundland bonavista whales icebergs eagles canada the grand seduction
the travel lady lesley keyter: malta the travel lady lesley keyter joins global calgary with details on her latest trip to malta. global news global television global tv
ranidaphobia: fear of frogs mariah shares how she overcomes her fear of frogs.  filmed on location at prince albert, saskatchewan. ranidaphobia
kingduffy 1 99 summoning emote kingduffy 1 99 summoning skillcape and emote, along with his new pet dragon    runescape is  1999-2008 by andrew gower and jagex ltd. zezima kingduffy 99 summoning nercychlidae 2376 total number runescape fort minor remember the name kiemister20 rs
the horse communicator - documentary 2011 manawaka pine ridge district school board  narrated by: ralph borthwick  starring: charley earnest  director of photography: murno gladst  supervising editor: murno gladst  created by: charley earnest & murno gladst horse ranch communication whisper horse whispering whisperer mare stallion horses dressage you
bigfoot sighting may 2015 in a short airsoft shooting something is interested in the video in the background bigfoot airsoft bigfoot sighting 2015
spring farm fields the ride was a couple of miles outside  of town. there is a rare place where there is a pond and a house on the hill reminiscent of the post world war one and the prohibition days of the 1920s.       rose room  artist: all star sextette  album: soundies  length: 2:26  genre: jazz    "if there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now,  it's just the spring clean for the may queen."   led zeppelin, stairway to heaven     hope springs eternal   summer of corruption         so much so that the scene of the house on the hill would be excellent for a story set in, say, 1915. country field trip
{adventure} stony rapids sk by motorcycle f800gs / xr 650l / klr 650 as far as i know we are the first to make it the whole way to stony rapids, saskatchewan canada by motorcycle.  enjoy our adventure. and for anyone wanting to complete this journey, if the road seems to nice all the way to points north, its just baiting you in.  bring a extra disregard for the well being of your bike and comfort for the last 220km to stony.  90km of rough gravel with sharp rocks sticking out 3-4 inches, 50km of sand and what could be best described as gypsum, and then the remainder in 4-5 inch deep shale razors.  but totally worth it. stony rapids f800gs xr650l klr650 daniel leppington scott lepp thomas bolder
yellowknife - downtown to dettah access rd yellowknife - driving on the ingram trail from downtown to the dettah access road. yellowknife 1080p gopro hd hero hd 780p dettah
arctic char arctic char near flowers river lodge on august 25, 2013 arctic char flowers river lodge
jays 2000 ford on ice 2000  ford explorer.driving on the ice on feb 5th or 6th 2010  with jay driving   and me (doug) fliming 2000 ford explorer
anthony menacho singing trip by hedley trip by hedley anthony menacho
nipawin bears basketball bears basketball 06-09, we pretty much rule. my hero girl's basketball win together lose together
the great northern: the bald eagle could not believe my luck seeing this wonderful bird up in the branches looking around for prey. had to shoot from a distance....i wish, i was closer...please enjoy :) bald eagle chetwynd the great northern wildlife
wild fox - tame pet yellow dog lodge - scruffy, the red fox come for a midnight visit. yellow dog lodge adventure red fox fox pet canine
how to use e- collar  obedience trained retrieves fast off leash recalls friend me on facebook!!!!   e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
ilford, manitoba travelling on the rails from gillam to thompson, one would pass through the remote community of ilford. m4h00416
how to use e- collar  obedience trained retrieves fast off leash recalls friend me on facebook!!!!   e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
hubbard glacier, disenchantment bay, yukatat, alaska effortlessly uploaded by eye-fi (  )  approaching the hubbard glacier aboard the celebrity infinity on 5/17/09.  captain took the ship to within 1 nautical mile of the 6-mile-long glacier.  a new "closeness" record. eye-fi seattle washington united states
take off from iqaluit december 4 2009.mov first air flight from iqaluit to pangnirtung take off from iqaluit decemeber 2009
pair of cohos recorded on july 19, 2009 queen charlotte island flipshare
grizzly bears 1 momma, and 2 cubs. hurley river road june 2013 bears grizzly bears grizzly bear (organism classification) wildlife nature channel b.c. free spirit quinn youtube
aerial mcquesten ranch ad pano yt canada aerial panoramic view of mcquesten ranch aerodrome area, yt, canada, and the surrounding countryside, located on the stewart river, east of dawson city, yt, filmed from the cockpit of our pacific flying club c-172xp, c-giwm. century 92, flying northwest bound to dawson city, yt, on the 4thd leg of our midnight sun challenge. aerial canada scenic flying klondike highway mcquesten ranch crossing yt c-172-xp cessna pfc john lovelace midnight sun challenge cumulusgranitis
tobogganing, creston bc some local kids tobogganing down a street in creston bc, winter 1947-1848. the sled looks very much like those made by percy foote of creston; the creston museum has two similar ones in its collection. film footage courtesy of bob murray via creston museum. tobogganing creston bc museum
caribou closeup caribou close up caribou closeup
never forget..... @ the lagoon in yakutat! lagoon yakutat
haines bear a bear in haines alaska bear
thelon 2010 compilation thelon river, nwt, canada august, 2010 thelon 2010 compilation2
haines alaska beach a beautiful quiet day in haines alaska. we were just enjoying the sun and ocean air. haines alaska ocean beach sunny days
2014-03-26 regina today  (saskatchewan drive, hamilton street) downtown. regina saskatchewan.  march 26, 2014.  a somewhat hazy day.. upload includes the drive along the saskatchewan drive in the afternoon and then halfway covers the drive from downtown later in the night time.  music is from the youtube audio library. regina saskatchewan.
hiebert crescent martensville sk **   well cared for condo 2 electified parking stalls, c/a, 3 bedrooms, 2 baths, all appliances included open floor plan c/v  virtual tour:    **refer to listing website for current information.  video uploaded on fri 04 apr, 2014 real estate martensville sk real estate home tour sale martensville sk s0k 0
a walk in the tongass national forest with natasha paremski hd from sitka conservation society #sitkasummermusicfest #natashaparemski #natasha paremski #rachmaninov #rachmaninoff tongass national forest (protected site) united states national forest (park system) piano
knots - eye splice today we are attaching a construction rated carabiner to 1/2 inch polypropylene rope with an eye splice. knots scouts venturers rovers joint council rope homestead self sufficiency
valois bay marina (drone) montral  marina sailboat (ship type) drone multicopter pointe-claire (city/town/village)
adirondack canoe trip in st. regis canoe wilderness area - june 2014 june 2014 - 3 people embarked on a 4 day canoe camping adventure in the st. regis canoe wilderness area in upstate ny. completed the floodwood loop in reverse. canoe (ship type) st. regis canoe area camping wilderness
great white shark cage diving - bluff (new zealand) plonge avec le grand requin blanc en nouvelle zlande great white shark (animal) animal (film genre) bluff (city/town/village) new zealand (country)
nolimit bait nolimit bait nolimit bait
caravan on floats mcmurray aviation's caravan on amphibs in action.   visit  for more information grand caravan mcmurray aviation cessna 208a fort float plane on amphibs kom
hockey referee test hockey fight that has some questionable penalties called by the referee. hockey fight referee penalties
spypoint xcel hd2 capture full hd 1080p footage in every situation with this action camera equipped with a new improved image sensor. the 2-way remote control allows you to take photos or videos, select the desired recording mode and enlarge the image up to 4x to better target the subject with the zoom function. camera wifi spypoint camra infrarouge de chasse cellular cameras remote camera trail surveillance game cam pictures security wireless spypoint surveillance trail cellular wifi
how to clean the inside of your computer using a leaf-blower remove dust from your computer. make sure you do this outside and if possible wear a mask. clean your computer prevent overheating
alaska rental cabins.mov produced for the usda forest service in 2001. work sample  alaska cabin rentals floatplanes
rafting through the rapids in bc's fraser river canyon we were driving down to hell's gate and noticed some rafts headed towards the big rocks by the twisty part of the highway and wondered if they were going to actually raft through that part of the river. never having seen it before, we stopped to watch and video. looks like fun! river rafting rapids fraser canyon (location) british columbia (canadian province) river rafting (sport) hyak river rafting
kayak shoots over ontario's elora gorge on the grand river... at 65 cu m sec (tooth of time).wmv most people shoot just the elora gorge at 30-35 cu/m/sec in a kayak.... but not the dam.  this "bull rider" shoots over both the elora dam and elora gorge at double the normal rate 65 cu/m/sec  this two way footage shows the experience from a spectator to a live cam view... enjoy!   compliments of the staff... grand river rafting company kayak elora gorge grand river ontario tooth of time
how to make raspberry cheesecake ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  - connect with me -  subscribe:  facebook:  vimeo:   twitter  viyu raspberry cheesecake food cake raspberry how to make
gros bar ray ,fjord du saguenay  bar ray bare rayer bar raye lac peche canne a peche rapala fjord saguenay saite-rose-du-nord sainte rose du nord
air cadet gliding 142 mimico take off from borden cfb. cloudy day near barrie ont. sorry i could not get the landing ran out of memory airplane towplane aircadet aircadets borden cfb afb toronto barrie army airforce glider gliding
farmers' market in ontario's greenbelt | marchs fermiers dans la ceinture de verdure de lontario | february 28th, 2015 marks the 10th anniversary of ontarios greenbelt. | le 28 fvrier 2015 marque le 10e anniversaire de la ceinture de verdure de lontario.  music: woodward avenue, mountain meadows 2008 by elliott brood   --  a descriptive transcript for this video is available by visiting the following link:    pour obtenir une transcription descriptive de cette vido, cliquer sur le lien suivant :   ontario canada government of ontario ontario toronto ontario market farmer (profession) farmers' market (industry) toronto (city/town/village) local food (industry) greenbelts 10th anniversary brick works farmers' market evergreen brick works
kennebec river in skowhegan maine sights and sounds(that include loud trucks and a short burst of sound from my son and i) in and around the kennebec river in skowhegan maine. kennebec river skowhegan maine somerset county random noises nature
gray wolf running in northern manitoba along highway 6 near thompson, manitoba. go to  wolf gray wolf boreal forest spirit way wolf capital northern manitoba highway 6 boreal
aerial canada tofield ab pano aerial canada tofield ab pano aerial canada tofield ab pano
ask-a-blade for the february 24th game against the kootenay ice saskatoon blades players were asked "which teammate will end up on reality tv?"  here are their answers saskatoon blades whl saskatoon blades western hockey league canada
takeoff from montral (yul) a clip of our flight from montral-pierre elliott trudeau international airport to dfw last july.  airliner was an aa 737-800.  good view of the airport ramp & terminal just after rotation & lift off--note our plane's shadow. takeoff airliner 737-800 montral yul despegue dcollage
do plastic welding  how to weld and repair a water tank with a plastic welder contact us now to buy your plastic repair system:   plastic welding equipment to fabricate, prototype and/or repair holes and cracks in different types of plastic materials.   easy to use. strong welds. works with many plastic resins.  drader manufacturing (edmonton, ab, canada) website:   e-mail:  injectiweld@drader.com phone:  +1 (780) 440 2231  we can help you in  english, french, spanish, italian, and portuguese. plastic weld welder welders welding repair fabricate prototype welds plastics kit equipment rod plastic welder plastic welders bumper repair how to how to weld how to weld plastic hot air hot air tool plastic welding plastic weld plastic welding gun plastic welding kit plastic weld systems plastic weld kit video training training drader injectiweld drader injectiweld bruce lecky
homages and atonements - streets of the north a 2015 street edit  -  skateboarding northern canada. rough pavement, no spots, bad weather.  true northern life, regarding skateboarding, apparently.  though at least we got out there and tried.   --- smithers b.c. skatepark skateboard
kayaksaguenay recoit ses nouveaux kayaks petit vido fait lors de la rception d'une borde de neige mais aussi des kayaks pour le printemps.  les modles rockstar et heo 2011 de jackson kayak. kayak saguenay jk rockstar jk hero 2011 jk superhero jackson kayak extreme sports river water
pourvoirie club lac des baies et pourvoirie clauparo monts-valin t 2012 2 belles pourvoiries de truites mouchetes au d'une ambiance chaleureuse motoneige location forfait chalet pourvoirie monts-valin pche chasse orignal truite mouchete plan americain plan europen guide voyage riviere
pourvoirie monts-valin outfitter prparation l'quipe de tekni pche et mathieur roy dbute la pche  la truite mouchet  la pourvoirie monts-valin. pourvoirie monts-valin valin truite peche saguenay quebec mouchet
cap au leste / fjord saguenay dawn and dusk (gopro time lapse) saguenay fjord national park (location) la baie (city/town/village) cap au leste fjord dawn dusk qubec (canadian province)
maitland river - june 2015 from bennmiller bridge to goderich, ontario. the maitland river stayed in flood until late june this summer! maitland river (river) goderich (city/town/village) falls reserve conservation area whitewater whitewater canoeing canoeing (sport) paddle
initiation  la peche  la pourvoirie monts-valin la pourvoirie monts-valin offre l'initiation  la pche. pourvoirie outfitter truite peche quebec saguenay chicoutimi monts valin
pub sonxplus st-flicien voici une publicit d'une franchise commerciale du lac-st-jean au qubec electro son prestige
rmk 800 assault 2011 first test!    not alot snow polaris rmk pro 800 assault 2011 skidoo brp yamha summit pow powder snow snowmobile werty5501 werty550 sled team barracuda
chute ecumeuses ( latitude. 49.028429968, longitude. -74.212232326  )   chutes cumeuses lac poutrincourt
wake board dans ' board dans ' rue a alma p'q 2014 wake board dans ' rue a alma p'q 2014 no:2 wake board dans rue alma p'q 2014
i am cqing in the rain two fearless hikers brave the elements for sota dx.  deux escalateurs intrpides bravent les lments pour du dx sota qrp ham radio amateur antenna mont valin ve2elw va2sg qrp cw arrl cq ww icom ic703 yagi sota mountains
rgates st-flicien un tour de rgates a st-flicien le 19 juillet 2008 a 170 km/h rgates bateau st-flicien vitesse
future crosby here are a few highlites of a novice player that is dominating his league this year crosby isaak picken hockey kid novice mattyp8 sidney ice
rc adventures - radio controlled tomahawk futura - german jet  - (take off at 1:54) 1080p hd to get in the game! it's jet week on rc adventures! the turbine jet's take to the sky in great numbers - power and ferocity. it's time to get up close to these skilled pilots and find out what makes these mavericks of the sky, tick.     incredibly powerful and loud - these custom made jet's are constructed by their pilots - and are run by computers, turbine jet engines, and life/lipo batteries.  in this weeks series you will discover what it's like to be a rc jet enthusiast!   jet plane frame in this video:   "tomahawk futura"  ac schnitzer - bmw motorsport - custom paint job   the complete jet in this video is valued at $11,000 + radio setup  event: jets over caley 2013      .  rc adventures/rcsparks studio  2013 medic media productions inc..  all rights reserved.  publication, reproduction or distribution of this film by any means whatsoever - including without limitation electronic transmission via internet or e-mail, or re-uploading existing videos & re-uploading such material on any website anywhere in the world  is strictly prohibited without prior the written consent of medic media productions inc. please note that the rcsparks studio does not sell rc products. the rcsparks studio an independent promotor of a great hobby! i am not directly affiliated with any of the vendors or manufacturers in this video. the rcsparks studio is not liable for any damage or loss through the use of products or techniques shown - use at your own risk! this film and the rc adventures film series on youtube is intended for entertainment purposes only. djmedic2008 rcsparks studio radio control controlled rc adventures forum remote youtube hobby aaron bidochka canada alberta airplane nitro gas electric ac schnitzer (organization) radio control (invention) remote control (invention) google turbine (invention) turbine engine failure (aircraft accident type) turbine engine jet engine (invention) flying plane caley alberta aj flying feild tomahawk futura germany rc jet week jet week aviation (industry) jets over caley
man pedals the atlantic imagine trying to pedal across the atlantic ocean in a vessel smaller than 40 feet. to add to that you are alone and the boat you are in has no motor - just pedals. atlantic ocean pedal cheknews cheknews1 victoria vancouver island british columbia
whati drumdance feb 22 2014 whati had a drumdance after the hand game tournament feb 22/2014 i took these videos saturday night  i put this movie together with windows live movie maker at aurora college learning center in whati n.t drumdance whati
him 1 - sacred geometry of machu picchu, freemasonry, & the comox valley this first video of the series introduces the geometry in the bedrock of the comox valley british columbia and how it is connected by geomancy to the sacred megalithic site of machu picchu and to the new-world-monument, christopher columbus column in barcelona, spain.   this geomancy begins to reveal the role of freemasonry in the precise marking of world-wide geographic alignments and ends with an unlikely connection to skull & bones.   geomancy ley lines freemasonry machu picchu christopher columbus barcelona hornby island comox valley sacred geometry skull and bones 911 international peace garden
clinton river cruise company enjoy a dinner cruise with the clinton river cruise company in mt clemens, michigan. clinton river (michigan) cruise boat water dinner mt clemens lake st clair detroit
ice swirl spin and the hotel mac rabbit ice world north saskatchewan river/ edmonton ice world north saskatchewan river edmonton
regina winter whiteout! shot at 5:11pm at the edge of regina sk. winds nw 61 gust 74 km/h. several vehicles in ditches on highways and white out conditions. djhardwired regina notanee #skstorm weather storm
the history of milford michigan found this tape and thought someone from milford might like it. slow in parts but very cool to see how that village came to be. milford michigan milford (city/town/village) history (tv genre) michigan (us state) michigan history milford high muir johnson
marco polo, la baie au saguenay aot 2015 bateau de croisire marco polo (aleksandr pushkin), la baie au saguenay-lac-st-jean, aot 2015...premire visite chez-nous! bateau de croisiere marco polo saguenay-lac-st-jean la baie denis tremblay fjord du saguenay ship river
7 fevrier 2014 la baie    1080p ouest sur la baie vendredi pm air-lib snowkiting kite la baie saguenay pche-blanches
2012-09-07 ile de st-anne de sorel 00038
karagl erzurum balk av  balklarrrr
taps at sundown me playing taps on our boathouse at sunset. it's a tradition started by my grandfather when i was 8. it's the first thing i learned to play. taps sunset trumpet boathouse lake
qu'appelle river a brief video of myself, and my mother, driving beside the qu'appelle river in fort qu'appelle flooding qu'appelle saskatchewan water river
elf city new training methods exp rates in this video, i cover the new mining, smithing and thieving methods released with the elf city.  mining: 180k exp ph + 20% bonus if voice is trahaearn smithing: 280k exp ph with voice bonus thieving: 350k thief + about 700k gp  this is without x2 bonus exp, at level 99, with 5% outfit boost. idk whats rc idkwhatsrc guide training
peche au dore 11 octobre lac saint pierre souvenirs de peche de la sortie evasion peche au dore sur le fleuve saint laurent peche dore fleuve saint laurent esturgeon
the true power of autohotkeys & why every player cheats where should jagex draw the line concerning mouse keys? how can the unofficial 1 input: 1 output rule be exploited with mouse keys? can jagex really detects if someone is using ahk instead of mouse keys?  ahk script:    possible places to draw the line: 1- no mouse keys 2- only windows mouse keys 3- ahk but constant jump ranges (exactly like windows) 4- ahk with custom jump ranges 5- ahk with smart script (still 1 input: 1 output) idk whats rc idkwhatsrc guide training
cello concerto, third movement (finale) by douard lalo ifetayo ali-landing, 13 rehearsal with the sphinx symphony orchestra on february 5, 2016 lalo cello ifetayo sphinx yt:crop=16:9 lalo cello concerto
mini-guides and 50m divination! post your suggestions about what mini-guides i should make in the next weeks.  already planned:  dwarf traders + fletching making overload (set-up for rs3) farming herbs daily challenge comparaison idk whats rc idkwhatsrc guide training
leaving for jagex hq in couple minutes gonna be lots of fun :d gonna record as much as i can. idk whats rc idkwhatsrc guide training
html5 mmorpg: quest + trading + crafting + drop systems + instanced worlds great steps toward hosting my future mmorpg on my website. :d  note: normally, to craft an item with a plan, you need certain items collected via skilling.  next step: -adding quest + advanced combat interface. -skills & exp system idk whats rc idkwhatsrc rs rs3 rs2 rs07 guide training
idkwhatsrc: bestest qbd killer in the world what i've been doing on rs. me killing qbd:  (done) idk whats rc idkwhatsrc rs rs3 rs2 rs07 guide training
race to alaska - start some aerial footage of the start of the 1st race to alaska event in port townsend, wa. r2ak port townsend alaska race sailing rowing dji phantom drone gopro northwest maritime center racing tourist destination rowing (sport) ocean boat
tides of change climate change will have many of its first impacts to our coasts and intertidal communities. this film highlights dr. steven fradkin, coastal ecologist at olympic national park and his work monitoring intertidal life. climate national parks olympic national park oceanography tidepools climate change inventory and monitoring park science
disney princesses compass box cinderella belle sleeping beauty snow white organiser for kids a look at a disney princess pencil case! this great looking stationery is a great present for any child.   stay tuned for more videos like this!   sleeping beauty: princess aurora is the titular character and the protagonist of disney's 1959 film sleeping beauty. she is the daughter of king stefan and queen leah. she is the third official disney princess.  personality aurora is often described as kind, elegant, shy and sophisticated, as well as a hopeless romantic. at first, she is seen as a little naive and insecure as a result of being sheltered for most of her life. she's fiercely loyal to her "aunts" and obeys their rules respectfully, no matter how much she dislikes them. in later media, she is shown to have matured and become more self-assured, independent and confident in her opinions and abilities.  belle:  princess belle ("belle" meaning "beautiful" in french) is the female protagonist of disney's 1991 film beauty and the beast and the protagonist of its 1997-98 direct-to-video saga midquels, the enchanted christmas and belle's magical world.  personality belle has gained a significant amount of intelligence over the years due to her love of books, providing her with a wide vocabulary, active imagination and open mind. she is very confident and outspoken in her opinions, and seldom likes being told what to do. unlike most characters in the film, belle isn't concerned about hers or other's appearances, and is able to look past how people appear and into their hearts. this is how belle managed to break the beast's enchantment, and restore love and laughter to the castle.  cinderella:  rincess cinderella is the protagonist of disney's 1950 animated film of the same name and its 2002-07 sequels in the saga. she was voiced by the late ilene woods in the original film and is currently being voiced by jennifer hale. she is the 2nd official disney princess by chronological order and the oldest by age, her being 19.  personality cinderella is a headstrong and independent young woman who is truly beautiful because she doesn't let her anger and sorrow get the better of her. she is kind to most and is in no way depicted as naive or childish. she is extremely mature and has shown that she can overcome her obstacles without the aid of magic. she has also been shown to have a slight sarcastic side to her, as seen in her comments about her step-family and lucifer, but usually keeps such comments to herself. cinderella has shown to be rather intelligent and clever especially considering how poorly raised she was after the absence of her biological parents. she is also resourceful by using her mother's old fashioned dress and imagining a beautiful ball gown. she is shown to be very patient and calm, but she also has a mean side in her as she has once tried to hit lucifer with a broom and on one occasion ordered bruno to banish lucifer (this is reasonable since she was locked by her stepmother and her friend was in danger). she is rather clumsy as she drops her footwear many times in the original movie.  snow white:  princess snow white, or snow for short, is the heroine and the titular character of disney's first animated feature-length film snow white and the seven dwarfs since 1937. she is a young princess; the "fairest of them all" who, in her innocence, cannot see any of the evil in the world. this makes her more vulnerable to her jealous stepmother the queen, who wishes to be the fairest in the land; however, snow white's inherent kindness and purity inspires her friends, the forest animals and the seven dwarfs to protect her. in the film, she is both a protective mother figure and an innocent child in her relationship with the forest animals and the seven dwarfs. she was voiced by the late adriana caselotti in the original film, and is now voiced by katherine von till. she has also been voiced by carolyn gardner in other appearances. she is the 1st and youngest official disney princess and provided the basis for later heroines such as cinderella and princess aurora.  personality snow white is the sweetest and the most gentle of all the disney princesses. she's nave, resilient, sentimental, helpful and kind, but is also strict as she warns the dwarfs if they don't wash their hands they get nothing to eat and scolds some of the birds after they pecked at the queen in her old hag form.  she is also slightly cheeky after she teased grumpy by laughing after he hit his nose when he left to wash in a huff. this video is by pezracer (pez racer)! help tenki fly as far as possible by matching elements with the oncoming barriers. tap the screen to change tenki's element. matching elements with barriers allows tenki to pass through and continue flying. one wrong match and it's game over!   belle (fictional character) pez racer pezracer ariel snow white (short story) toys toys r us disneyland (amusement park) disney princess (fictional universe) disney channel (organization) cinderella (fairy tale) disney princess disney interactive studios (business operation) disney xd (organization) the little mermaid (film) sleeping beauty (fairy tale) mermaid little toy the little mermaid ariel (fictional character) the walt disney company (organization)
gros morne rap: tales from da trailz [official video] take a tour of one of the greatest national parks in canada! located in western newfoundland, this unesco world heritage site has it all. gros morne rap national park newfoundland canada tales from da trailz youth canadian parks environmental hiking trails tales from the trails tales from da trailz parks canada
jacob payne "can't wait to smell the salt water" jacob payne performing at "cox's cove winter carnival" talent show. jacob payne cox's cove newfoundland cox's cove culture committee salt water
music show | miramichi kitchen party | new brunswick, canada come and experience a miramichi kitchen party where entertainment, stories, and home baking are all on the menu.  for more information about miramichi kitchen party, visit:  miramichi kitchen party entertainment music singing stories tourism new brusnwick
a windless day in the north channel  sailing small boats beach cruising open boats north channel
wreck diving edmonds/mukilteo (1)   sunset bay november 11th scott tj1
the great northern arts festival - heading to 25 years   inuvik nwt arctic inuit art north gwich'in inuvialuit festival family workshop fashion
dan sinykin's 2011 voyageur slideshow dan sinykin's group's slide show for their voyageur trip 2011. camp widjiwagan. final (film) slide show sinykin dan voyageur widjiwagan
now polynya  now polynya
zig-zag rapids - alex alex patterson runs zig-zag rapids on the spanish river. alex patterson zig-zag rapids spanish river kayak ontario camping canoe trip
   .  . winter in morden.  morden morden  winter in morden.
craig kuchta to much time onhis hands white rat
rat terrier swimming my rat terrier (rt) swimming for the first time.... thinks hes a retriever. cooling off after a long hike rat terrier (animal breed) animal (film genre) dog (domesticated animal) swimming terrier (organism classification)
underwater animation video credit: jeremy nielsen property of riverwood church after effects underwater animation
off leash recall bodhi bleu gracie smokie checkers dogtra remote pager e collar  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! dogs puppies dog training labrador german shepherd collar remote dogtra electronic collar off leash training
life along the livingstone the livingstone range is part of the front ranges of the canadian rockies in southwestern alberta. it's a spectacular landscape and one of the key  headwaters for the south saskatchewan river watershed. the area is  threatened by a proposed open pit mine. this video looks at the potential impact the mine would have on the land and the people who live in the area. livingstone range sid marty micrex rocky mountains
pete and lawrence's duck dance melissa st. goddard and j.j. lavallee easter weekend at mama's and papa's. st. ambroise, mb. melissa st. goddard j.j. lavallee fiddle fiddle music metis music metis fiddle st. ambroise metis
 ,      main street downtown flin flon manitoba  -              .   ,  (flin flon, mb).  - downtown manitoba (canadian province) flin flon (city/town/village) canada (country)     downtown  chernyakov chestyle chestyletv main street
hotspringsfinder.com - chief shakes hot springs jetboat trip up the stikine river from wrangell alaska to chief shakes glacier, followed by a soak in chief shakes hot springs. kudos to our pilot, eric of breakaway adventures. chief shakes hot springs stikine wrangell hotspringsfinder glacier jetboat
birch bark canoe 6 the second video talks about birch bark canoe
flying! cp 8860 at ignace (20aug2013) canadian pacific 8860, cp 8947 eastbound ignace, ontario road trip 2013 canada ontario manitoba saskatchewan alberta british columbia united states usa montana north dakota minnesota illinois indiana michigan google earth foamer photography scenic steel awesome rare high definition video hd canon vixia hf g10 avchd hd 1080p georgian bay freight diesel locomotive siding track tunnel conductor
george h crosby-manitou state park backpacking may 8 2015 an overnight backpack trip into campsite #2 at the george h crosby-manitou state park in north eastern minnesota near finland.. george h crosby manitou state park minnesota backpacking (sport) north shore waterfalls finland camping tourist destination sawtooth mountains hiking george h. crosby manitou state park (protected site) tourism (interest)
flight to isle royale for winter study 4 feb 2009  george desort isle royale wolf moose coffee pilot winter study rolf peterson john vucetich lake superior
divination skillcape! + future goal in ironman took a bit longer than expected to make the cash... rank 3 div now :d idk whats rc idkwhatsrc guide training
edmonton youtubers' meetup alberta youtubers meetup at shaw tv studios. 7 october 2016 7-9 pm sign up here:       ___ subscribe to shaw tv edmonton's channel for more local stories about people, events, issues and activities in your community.    follow shaw tv edmonton facebook: shawtvedmonton ( twitter: @shawtvedm ( instagram: @shawtvedm ( shaw tv edmonton alberta community television channel 10
la cloche silhouette trail in killarney provincial park we tackle the la cloche silhouette trail in killarney provincial park, with a quick stop at the top of silver peak...cut short by rain clouds approaching. trip was april 26, 2015 to may 1.   music credit: jahzzar: "siesta" travellers guide, from free music archive.   hike killarney provincial park bored quickescape quickescapes quick escapes the crack silver peak (mountain) gopro stop motion spring
firth of fifth festivoix de trois-rivires  4 juillet 2010 steve hackett
 ()        pentor (tv program) television program (media genre)
injecting new life into aging infrastructure - manitoba hydro since september 2013, manitoba hydro has repaired aging cables through an innovative process of silicone injection.  this process will extend the cables' life another 40 years. in addition to being innovative, the process is extremely cost efficient. the estimated cost to replace 30 km with new cable is $1,500,000 compared to the cost of silicone treatment at $750,000. hydroseeding is the latest rehabilitation activity at wuskwatim generating station to restore the site to a more natural state.read more about manitoba hydro and system renewal at:  manitoba hydro cables silicone injection repair system renewal
plants vs zombies 2 game for relax by baby toon ti  to video ny bng trnh chnh sa video ca youtube ( plants vs zombies #baby toons plants vs zombies 2
delivery in halifax, nova scotia unloaded the two freightliner tanker trucks at the container port in halifax ns. no damage, everybody's happy but the delivery had its funny moments. sergie serguei sergei dratchev landstar stepdeck flatbed trailer heavy haul trucker trucking driver driving halifax (city/town/village) nova scotia (canadian province) canada (country) sea container port forklift freightliner trucks (business operation)
tim hortons goat was kidnapped from rodeo, let loose as joke the university of saskatchewan rodeo team says a goat that ended up at a martensville tim hortons had been stolen from their weekend event.  subscribe to ctv news to watch more videos:   connect with ctv news: for the latest news visit:   for a full video offering visit the ctv news network:   ctv news on facebook:    ctv news on twitter:    watch ctv news on twitter:   ctv news on google+:   ctv news on instagram:   ctv news on pinterest:   ctv news on vine:    --- ctv news is canada's most-watched news organization both locally and nationally, and has a network of national, international, and local news operations. ctv news ctv news tim hortons goat saskatoon
moose, may 21 / 2009 botanical gardens moose on main trail. mun botanical gardens. may 21 / 2009 moose. st. john's newfoundland
1976 evinrude 20 hp rebuilt the carb and the lower unit. it runs but doesn't idle very smooth like it should. i think i still need to blow it out better might be a bit of debris in it or something , still working on the cause. it's for sale though cause my boat is to small for it, coast guard label says max 15 hp so need a smaller one. evinrude 20 hp outboard
call me maybe - kamaniskeg style typical family boat ride jam sesh call me maybe response video carly rae jepsen barry's bay kamaniskeg
fpv rc airboat rescue rescue adventure on ice fpv rc car truck traxxas summit slash 4x4 6x6 dragonlink telecommande modelisme first person view immersion airboat rescue canada ice quebec water four-wheel drive (mass transportation system) first-person view radio control (invention) electric electric motor (engine category)
appalachian trail piscataquis river crossing, maine crossing the piscataquis river in maine hike river crossing oregon trail ford
kenauk nature promotion 2016 tuango montral qubec kenauk nature promotion 2016 tuango montral qubec tuango promo montreal quebec hotel chalet
bald mountain pond summertime paddle on this pristine pond just south of the appalachian trail.  there's a lean-to on the north shore for thru-hikers. appalachian trail maine hiking canoe gopro
cliff diver  with out  work   fun people trip travel diving (sport)
20 mars 2013 l'ilet et l'amudsen  cabrinha x-bow lw    1080p kite  la baie durant la brisure des glaces des ha ha en cabrinha crossbow lw (x-bow lw) kite air-lib cabrinha x-bow lw
killer whale jumps twice out of the water st-lawrence river, tadoussac, canada hpim8768 orka 2x
     thai curry (food) chicken (animal) food (tv genre)
historical brown's mill boat trip in 1992 to brown's mill and falls river on the ecstall river near prince rupert and on to frizzell's hot springs on the skeena river.  brown's mill was a hydro powered saw mill and operated from around 1900 to 1975(?).  now all has been removed and a modern power generator has replaced the old buildings.  the water does not cascade down the rocks any more. prince rupert skeena river ecstall terrace boat bc history port essington
ford model t 1927 matane matane restoration and transformation ford model t 1927 matane ford model t 1927 pickup restoration
2010 corner brook kids triathlon: cormac and aidan (by peter bull, newfoundland)  2010 kids triathlon cormac pete rbull newfoundland newfoundland and labrador triathlon bike swim run steady brook
ray c's vic snowmobile ride clip, bay mills michigan march 3rd, 2008. bay mills michigan on a vic ride. just foolin around. this is one way to check your suspension setup for sure. recorded with a sony helmet cam and a pv-800 dvr. ray c's vic snowmobile ride bay mills michigan
watch tornados on the sun tornadoes are well known to cause plenty of havoc on earth, but who would've guessed that they were also hitting other areas of our solar system? a recent video released from nasas solar dynamic observatory shows a speeded-up version of a 38-hour tornadic incident on the sun, an example of potentially dangerous "space weather."  throughout the one-minute clip, multiple tornadoes can be seen making contact with the sun. according to space.coms youtube page, the footage captured june 3-4 shows plasma moving across the suns surface, which is also commonly referred to as sun tornadoes.  at a space weather enterprise forum conference on june 4 at the national oceanic and atmospheric auditorium and science center in silver spring, md., nasa chief charles bolden said space weather can be equally as devastating as the weather on earth. "this conference shines a spotlight on another naturally occurring phenomenon that can be just as punishing as a tornado: space weather," bolden told space.com.  he said strong solar storms in space can interfere with communication satellites aimed at our planet, and nasa has recently joined with the united nations in an effort to better understand the impact of space storms on earth.  space weather is a problem that crosses all borders and demands input from our international counterparts," he said. we have shown how, working as a team, we can save lives when hurricanes and tornadoes strike here on earth. i am confident we can be just as effective working together to protect our people, our critical infrastructures, and our planet from the dangers of space weather. astronomy sun solar tornadoes: nasa solar dynamic observatory nasa (spacecraft manufacturer) space weather enterprise forum space storms
no power 2 apositles creed presentation life is crazy direct ref, cross ref, apositlescreed, kenneth rodmaker, violation of constitutional rights,  redirect, reboot, restore default settings, direct ref portals
new duval river 3 june 26 2008 pangnirtung's new duval river and busted bridge. pangnirtung
adhan - masjid iqaluit the adhan done by our mu'adhin ahmad on april 29, 2016 for salat al-jumu'a in masjid iqaluit. ahmad also helped in the construction of the masjid, jazahu allahu khairan. islam muslim arctic nunavut canada iqaluit adhan mosque masjid azan athan adhaan
terraria 1.3.0.8 - how to enter the jungle temple early this is a simple and easy way to enter the jungle temple by just using the unicorn mount and hammer in terraria. if you would like an even simpler method, just place 3 wooden platforms in front of the door and hammer them each once. then just walk into them and hold down. you should now glitch through the door. skyrossm ttt minecraft ivymc ivycraft gaming halo noble canada canadian gamers game java programming programmers terraria
harbour mille, newfoundland my home town. harbour mille harbour mille harbour newfoundland and labrador newfoundland (island) canada australia harbourmille great waters of newfoundland 2003ls
shore lunch near laurie river lodge. it doesn't get any better than this shore lunch prepared by the guides from laurie river lodge! shore lunch neer laurie river lodge
helicopter ride: kangidluasuk to koroc river valley this is a 2-minute video of a helicopter ride from kangidluasuk, the basecamp for the torngat mountains national park during the summer months, to the upper koroc river valley in northern qubec. the footage was filmed during the month of august 2008. koroc river saglek bay
up lower scott rapids (perspective from above rear)  dancing loon island wathaman river rapids jet boat don bunker dave bunker seaark predator
running the ditches small channel on north side of north nahanni river that comes out by lone mountian. jetboating
fort simpson log cabin 8  fort simpson log cabin
parsnip river moose flat blues (e) me and my ymaha guitar...thank you peter it is being well used....i think. blues slide guitar mackenzie bc river brothers jam musical instruments folk music religious music band
pangnirtung etulu and susan pangnirtung
sun, sitka.... oh and did i mention, whales!!? went out first thing this morning and found some whales!! dji phantom3 sitka alaska drone
brian dialla 'inni-fum' from pangnirtung, three year old. inni-fum
sail record of arctic ocean arctic ocean sail record: a chinese skipper and his crew of four sailors have set the first record for a non-stop sail of the northeast passage in the arctic ocean on tuesday (september 15). the team, led by guo chuan and crew members from russia, france and germany, crossed the finish line at the bering strait at 1648gmt. subscribe  follow us twitter @newsdailyplanet ocean (geographical feature category) arctic (location) arctic ocean (body of water) sail record sail record of arctic ocean sail record arctic ocean
103 0131  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! dog training collar puppies labrador german shepherd remote dogtra electronic collar off leash training
    software bug shooter game (media genre)
skydive saskatoon - teresa huchkowsky skydivie saskatoon tandem video - teresa huchkowsky skydive saskatoon tandem parachute freefall fun exciting adrenalin rush landing
empire total war hd campaign commentary united provinces part viii yet more action from my united provinces campaign. enjoy. empire total war hd campaign commentary united provinces part viii heir of carthage advice strategy tips
my singing career ~ hatsune miku project diva! this is being played on a psp emulator called ppsspp if you want to get it, google is your friend ;3 hope you all have a nice day and g'bye :3 hatsune miku (software) hatsune miku: project diva (video game series) hatsune miku: project diva (musical game) anime singing karaoke psp hatsune miku miku hatsune thederpytree mjora mjoraxcite kghippo bankshot premierbankshot slayer3467
ice boat - arctic row to the pole the old pulteney is a specially designed polar row boat. it was constructed for jock wishart's row to the pole expedition.     this video explains what makes this boat so suited for arctic waters. row rowing scull sculling ocean arctic north pole expedition adventure crew ice pack ice sea ice boat race extreme racing
live and let snow i made some snowmen ... i read a lot of sunday funnies ... that's pretty much all i can tell you. calvin hobbes bill waterson snowmen dorkzombie snow death highlander
bushcrafting gear: pack contents, update-alaskanfrontier1 my updated bushcraft pack contents video showing all the changes i have made. bushraft outdoors bushcraft outdoors woods forest camping backpack camelbak equipment bushcrafting update
yellowknife rentals - crestview manor 1 and 2 bedroom apartments upgraded 1 and 2 bedroom apartments for rent in yellowknife. located downtown, within walking distance to schools, shopping, restaurants and clubs. call npr today 867-446-2385 or 867-445-1993  yellowknife yk northwest territories housing for rent for lease apartments townhouses
spring 2012 just had to the boat was to slow sheldon hendrick and pat kasook jr
summer canoeing on yellowknife river in 4k  sunsets phantome 4 yellowknife drone nwt canada nature canoeing summer #4k
914 north star drive, kimberley, bc - propertyguys.com id: 266223 for complete listing details, photos, pricing, contact information and more:     kimberley alpine resort, kimberley bc - amazing ski hill home with style, comfort and decadence. stunning views to the rockies.    selling or buying real estate in the east kootenay region of bc. visit us for a fair approach and great service:  propertyguys.com east kootenay kimberley bc home for sale kimberley alpine resort
runescape gathering 2009 this is runescape gathering 2009 and it was in ice mountain in world 105,106,107,108 ect... it was in saturday 16th may 2009 and we almost filled 2 worlds and we saw some cool people like 3addictedbrother the main brother, dark arm3, saradomin and tehnoobshow.there was more but i forgot thier names lol. sorry you weren't there you can come to runescape gathering 2010. runescape gathering 2009 gather ice mountain
1st drone flight with phantom vision 2 + this was my very first flight with my dji phantom vision 2 +, well the first flight that went in the air. if you buy one of these make sure you read all the instructions fully first.  i can see there will be a steep learning curve with this and i can already see how the gopro video is better. the camera that comes with this unit does take fantastic photos so i guess it depends on if you want to use for video or photos.  there will be many more videos to follow. please subcribe to my channel.  thanks  daniel drone phantom vision 2 + dansun photoart aerial video daniel sundahl
2013 fan cool team relay natiq frolics team relay fan cool. ride with me. wanted to use the goggles for liquid team relay but was too white out for the lens color. also for the x country race but buddy didn't have it working when we started. natiq frolics race snow snowmobile snocross x-country kugluktuk
2013 fan cool team relay jorgen anablak 2013 natiq frolics fan cool team relay rider jorgen anablak natiq frolics race snow snowmobile nunavut x-country kugluktuk
cory trepanier's into the arctic #40: painting icebergs, pt.2 artist cory trepanier's into the arctic video journal series  with a freshly assembled canoe in hand, cory heads out to see if he can get a new painting started from it while paddling around the iceberg. __________  the view the into the arctic video journal series in high resolution (640x360,h.264), subscribe via itunes by clicking here:   find out all the details about this exciting project at  learn more about the fine art of cory trepanier at  art artist arctic polar landscape north canada painting painter trepanier nature travel wilderness outdoors adventure
lunch train in lac la biche hope your not in a rush for lunch! the usual lunchtime train splits lac la biche in half for 15 minutes as a three-engine mammoth rolls through town. new project
national aboriginal day short clip of one of the performers and crowd at somba k'e/city hall on national aboriginal day in yellowknife, june 21 2011. yellowknife nwt northwest territories canada national aboriginal day inuit dene frame lake somba k'e
"yellowknife - the new town - day 5" lobo's photos around yellowknife, canada (travel pics) preview of lobo's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  costco yellowknife best places to find minerals near yellowknife university housing yellowknife yellowknife self guided tour new to yellowknife will costco open a store in house foundation details shared accommodations diavik employees towns north of yellowknife new town yellowknife town northwest territories canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
qbeez stge 1 bombz .avi qbeez 2 bombz bombz qbeez
interview with robert hawkins - mla for yellowknife centre interview with robert hawkins - mla for yellowknife centre.  robert hawkins cites economic and health and safety reasons for keeping the city center airport open. the muni is an economic doorway to the city of edmonton, and is part of the fabric of the city. yellowknife is an economic generator for edmonton and should have been consulted as a stakeholder. this move may sever the relationship with edmonton. he does not feel redevelopment of the airport land will play out as suggested. for more info on this issue visit demandthevote.ca interview with robert hawkins mla for yellowknife centre stm save the muni edmonton city center airport envision medevac municipal election civic friends of north friendsofthenorth demandthevote.ca ecca
solstice2010web.mov december 21, 2010 yukon solstice sok cinema dempster highway dawson city
edmonton center along north saskatchewan river run 20km strecke:   many thanks to laurel & peter, mike & elva, enid & nick for the marvelous time. north saskatchewan river (river) edmonton (city/town/village) canada matthias bachmann confiserie confiseur bachmann ag marathon (sport) center running (sport)
roll up the rim! day 6 we're rolling up the rim to win. monikah and i want to find out what the ratio is for tim horton's roll up the rim to win contest. follow us and sub. roll up the rim roll up the rim to win tim hortons roll up the rim to win timmies timmies coffee tim hortons contest coffee contests best coffee in canada tim hortons national treasure
combee airboat testing onboard camera of an airboat at play airboat testing in canada
23. tidal energy - the bay of fundy's world class tidal resource nova scotia's bay of fundy is home to one the strongest tides in the world. figuring out how to take advantage of them has proven to be difficult but new in-stream technologies are currently being tested. learn about their progress at this week's episode of green energy futures  tidal energy tidal power tidal nova scotia canada force fundy bay of fundy tide tides renewable energy green energy futures
the food bank gap winnipeg, march 18, 2016: poverty is on the rise in manitoba and the holes in the social safety net keep getting bigger. winnipeg harvest, manitoba's largest food bank, released a report today on the dire straits in which so many citizens find themselves adrift. for more information:   speakers: donald benham, winnipeg harvest david northcott, winnipeg harvest ursule critophe, basic income manitoba dr. joel kettner, winnipeg harvest jolle pastora sala, public interest law centre dave mouland, winnipeg harvest  video production paul s. graham  poverty hunger homelessness guaranteed annual income manitoba winnipeg harvest make poverty history
exploring nature and culture on the eastport peninsula, newfoundland and labrador (by peter bull)  eastport newfoundland and labrador newfoundland eastport peninsula tidal pools newfoundland pony salvage culls harbour bald eagle jelly fish sea urchan hermit crabs eastport beach sunrise
tombstone tombstone, dempster highway tombstone dempster highway
tundra the tandra covered all the area of arctic circle, dempster highway tundra dempster hwy
expdition parc national des pingualuit, traneau  chiens, dog sledding, nunavik. expdition faite par daniel nolin et samuel hamel-ratt en traneau  chiens de kuujjuaq au parc national des pingualuit au nunavik. dog sledding expedition made by daniel nolin and samuel hamel-ratt in the pingualuit national park, in nunavik. pingualuit crater expedition dog sled traineau  chien nunavik pingualuit
teaseralexis    1080p kite air-lib
ebm 2014 - mr polar bear walks by camp thankfully we only had one polar bear visit near our camp during our 6 week long stay on the tundra! we all dropped everything and re-grouped in our cabin with our guns loaded with cracker shells, and watched this big guy for about an hour as he walked on by. luckily he stayed about 600m away at the closest distance and we didn't have to do anything more than just observe :) arctic tundra nunavut east bay migratory bird sanctuary polar bear
alaska sitka 2010 sbs work and travel 2010, sbs sitka silver bay seafoods 2010 sitka tourism travel log aquarium gameplay hyphy pond reef
"change of route to a warmer dryer place" jstephensca's photos around beaver creek, canada preview of jstephensca's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  warmer place in canada why is beaver creek warmer beaver creek canadian border dryer place ofroout alaska rue beaver creek yukon broken harley glenn highway highway road change route warmer dryer place beaver creek canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
an alaskan everday carry, for september 2016-alaskanfrontier1 giving you an idea of what an alaskan would carry for the month of semptember #outdoors #adventure #bushcraft #gear #alaska  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- my company: sanctified-weaving-company.myshopify.com/ medium:  musical.ly @sanctifiedweave twitter:  soundcloud:  instagram:  bushcraft outdoors bushcraft outdoors woods forest
the best altoids kit for survival-alaskanfrontier1 here's my idea of what a altoids survival tin should look like #outdoors #adventure #bushcraft #gear #alaska  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- my company: sanctified-weaving-company.myshopify.com/ medium:  musical.ly @sanctifiedweave twitter:  soundcloud:  instagram:  bushraft outdoors bushcraft outdoors woods forest
superbe vue du haut des airs de kangirsuk (nunavik)   2012 07 04 16 50 39 983
alaska cruise sitka.m2ts the last port of call on the alaskan inside passage cruise was sitka, alaska. one of our favorite cities in alaska. sitka is like many other great american towns across the nation, a nice selection of stores to shop and services so you can find what you need. you can't ask for a more picturesque place to live, but you better like the cold and long winters though! leaving sitka also left a small part of our hearts behind, and a promise to ourselves to visit once again! port of call alaskan cruise sitka american towns reindeer hot dogs shopping inside passage picturesque
nolimit bait nolimit bait nolimit bait
snowboarding behind ski-doo at 40 mph me and my cousin hitting a jump behind a sled we built.  everything was going great until a broken wrist came along for my cousin on the last jump. snowboarding snowmoblie jumps crashes broken bones
manitoba hydro's first female power line technician manitoba hydro's first female power line technician explains how her commitment to finishing a challenge and love of the outdoors led her to this career. jessica hadfield recently completed her four-year apprenticeship in the power line technician program.  read more about manitoba hydro's power line technician training program:  manitoba hydro power line technician training program first female
bubble feeding part 1 - august 6, 2016 such an amazing day!  the whales were out to give a show.  this is the first of two videos humpback bubble feeding
canada, black bears in hyder bears in hyder alaska - stewart canada bear bears black bear hyder travel log tourism nature wilderness
kellee kayaking down the whiting river - july 11, 2009 this is a video clip of kellee purdy floating with the current down the whiting river near ox point. kayaking kellee 071109
"the dempster" crossroadcanada's photos around tombestone territorial park, canada (travel pics) preview of crossroadcanada's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  dempster highway igor holland america dempster tour dempster in a jeep dempster yukon canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
scott on a day off in fort mcmurray  northern sin sisters
how to use e- collar  obedience trained retrieves fast off leash recalls friend me on facebook!!!!   e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
legion beta 7.0 basic artifact guide (leveling it, relics, etc.) many of you don't have beta so i will be making a series of legion guides in the next coming weeks. today we'll be looking at the basics of the artifact weapon including what relics are, how to increase its item level, what artifact power is, how to get artifact power, and what the artifact weapon does.  if i entertained or taught you something valuable, please show your support by liking and subscribing!    thanks for watching!   social media if you want to see stuff outside of uploads   twitter:  world warcraft warlords draenor legion 6.2 diablo starcraft lore windwalker ww monk pvp wod artfiact weapon 7.0 legion leveling relics talent tree guide tutorial
banjo ray at marten river lodge marten river lodge - banjo ray marten river lodge northern ontario fishing resort northeastern ontario temagami region vacation destination corporate retreat immaculately clean cabins 80+ year old historic log buildings gou
new years day! we decided to start the year off right by conquering galbraith; which looked more like narnia today. happy new year, everyone! galbraith western washington snow new year 2017
radio island nc dive highlights radio island nc dive highlights  squirrel fight scuba diving (sport) north carolina (us state) radio swimming island
gord humphrey's turbine jet boat world class jet boat racer, gord humphrey, takes me on a 124 mph run in his t58 general electric turbine powered jet boat unnatural disaster cdn1. awesome ! jet boat racing turbine highspeed charlielake unatural disaster boats canada water jetboat
live grenade found in garage undergoing renovations renovators call in police after finding a live grenade in a sudbury garage. alana everson reports.  subscribe to ctv news to watch more videos:   connect with ctv news: for the latest news visit:   for a full video offering visit the ctv news network:   ctv news on facebook:    ctv news on twitter:    watch ctv news on twitter:   ctv news on google+:   ctv news on instagram:   ctv news on pinterest:   ctv news on vine:    --- ctv news is canada's most-watched news organization both locally and nationally, and has a network of national, international, and local news operations. ctv news ctv news hand grenade sudbury (city/town/village) garage
art clark in wrangell, alaska local author and artist, art clark, shows his work in front of his home in wrangell, alaska wrangell alaska ak art clark
kardall - learning unity episode 1 i am learning unity with the help of google and reddit.   basic game from start to finish as i learn, so you can see what i have been going through to do this. you can follow along, ask questions and i'll try to answer them for the next video.  comment away, and we'll see you in the next episode! unity card game card prefab array list alphabet letters random
stikine river a run down the kikahe r and floating the main river. stikine river kikahe river jet skiff
brown bear walking along a beach - july 5, 2007 i spotted this young female brown bear, cindy, while she was walking along a beach in port snettisham outside of juneau, alaska at high tide.  i was able to kayak quite close without alarming her.  she snatched mouthfuls of vegetation as she walked, or stopped for a few moments to graze in a good spot. brown bear cindy 070507
alaska waters  stikine river run exciting run up the stikine river out of wrangell, alaska on alaska waters tour. alaska stikine river waters jet boat wrangell
how to chop stick cage braid ponytail tutorial how to chopstick tutorials. braid hair. braid chopstick tutorials. cage braid ponytail view the quick knot braid  chopstick hair tutorial how to chopstick tutorial braid braid hair chopsticks pivot stick natural style animation beauty haircut curly hair (award-winning work) salon makeup cosmetics (quotation subject)
peterburg vikings 06-07 state champs petersburg, alaska vikings mens basketball highlights  video provided by coach rick brock  music: imma star/jeremiah----let it rock/kevin rudolf  players featured:  #14 david mazzella  #11 trevor mccay  #10 austin parr  #22 casey thompson  #13 cameron severson  #3 cody smith  #2 jonathan mazzella basketball highlights dunks petersburg alaska state champs
arctic  grayling underwater  cam arctic grayling fishing angling flyfishing northern saskatchewan canada
alaska inside waterways a collection of alaska images taken within a week's time from author, photographer, and life-long alaskan larry johansen. features rarely visited wilderness and wildlife in alaska's alexander  archipelago. alaska (us state) travel (tv genre) wilderness (film) cruise
tracy arm fjord short clip from a 2006 alaska cruise with sister, carole and ron. camera sony hdr-hc3, cobra radios (walkie talkies) tracy arm fjord alaska sun princess cruise glacier juneau paulgrem travel inlet ships boats ice otters cliffs ocean sailing marine vacation cruise ship
        .                                         
lower alpine creek ketili slough to shakes first run 09 jet boat skiff skinny shallow creek alpine stikine ice snow
simon sees dawson creek simon explores dawson creek and discovers this capital of the peace region has a rich past and positive outlook on the future. dawson creek simon sees travel to the north the north alaska highway encana centre the peace region
pine river back channel june 2012 the pine river is very high due to spring run off, as well as all the rain we have recently had. this back channel is normally dry, but had a fair amount of water running through it. peace river fort st.john bc british columbia canada riverboat boat jetboat jet skinny water shallow extreme duty harbercraft jetcraft 1775 sportjet sport mercury pine
premier opens new fort st. john hospital & peace villa premier christy clark officially opened the fort st. john hospital and peace villa, which will provide families and seniors in the region with expanded hospital and residential-care services inside a new $301.8 million facility. at 23,000 square metres, the new hospital is double the size of the original facility built in the 1960s. it includes an expanded emergency room and ambulatory care department, an intensive care unit, larger operating rooms, endoscopy suite and a birthing centre, which is the first of its kind in the north. there is also academic space for the northern medical program.  for more information, please visit:    stay connected:  fort st. john hospital residential care peace villa peace river hosptial district seniors patient care healthcare families patients medical facilities training investment doctors nurses families first bc jobs plan christy clark bc government province of bc british columbia
the 2009 juneau avalanche  the 2009 juneau avalanche
united way of southeast alaska 2009.mpg united way of southeast alaska is committed to advancing the common good by focusing on the building blocks for a good life: education, income, and health.  everyone deserves the opportunities to have a quality education that leads to a stable job, enough income to support a family through retirement, and good health. united way southeast alaska
synchronized killer whales a pod of five killer whales cruise through an inlet outside of juneau  alaska orca killer whale alaska whale wildlife animals
 ,  !!!     +                               
riviere dumoine 2013 descente de la riviere dumoine 2013 en partant du lac dix-milles (pointe sud) jusqu' la rivire outaouais. 5 nuits de camping, 6 jours de canotages. quelques petits portages, un grand portage de prs de un kilomtre. de belles rapides... le paradis, quoi. :-)  super chanson des soeurs boulays, "o la vague se mle  la grand route". riviere dumoine 2013 soeurs boulays le poids des confettis o la vague se mle  la grand route canot camping outaouais qubec canada eaux vives dumoine river (river) riviere dumoine
black friday - haines alaska experience black friday in the quirky small town of haines alaska. alaska haines black friday small town haines alaska quirky shop local shopping fun holiday shopping
birds are weird our baby budgie parakeet, scout, playing in her temporary house while we acclimate her to the new environment before introducing her to the "big" house with the other birds.  music: "intro" by les vieilles salopes available at jamendo:  website:   used in compliance with the creative commons by-sa-3.0  parakeet cute bird budgie birds weird silly animals
whale watching - juneau, alaska whale watching  juneau alaska september 15, 2016 whale watching juneau alaska september 15 2016
canadian geese  -  september 1 - 2013 canadian geese  -  september 1 - 2013 september 1 (day of year) canada goose (organism classification)
opw pan am fop setup transforming the ontario place west  channel into a water ski venue for the toronto 2015 pan am games to2015 opw ontario place west channel field of play fop waterski wakeboard site setup
gopro: a day in alaska video made from my experiences while staying in excursion inlet alaska. all videos were filmed on the gopro hero 4 black edition. music is run boy run by woodkid. gopro alaska woodkid hero4black last frontier work cabin adventure
regier honda in swift current expands regier honda located in swift current has expanded to become a honda powerhouse dealer showcasing the complete honda product line. for more information call 773-3535 or visit  . swift current regier regier honda honda powerhouse
here's a look at our, "taiya river", alaska scenic float here's a look at the beautiful scenery we experienced while floating down the taiya river after hiking the chilkoot trail in skagway, alaska... and here's some more info on things to do in skagway... including the famous "white pass rail" train ride:  nancy and shawn power travel vacations alaska chilkoot trail taiya river skagway alaska alaska cruise
retour au quebec deuxime raid en motoneige au quebec. 1200km dans les laurentides avec des sorties de routes, des chutes, des lacs, de la bonne neige et du soleil. fvrier 2016. musique de " the glitch mob".  studio 306 accident lac soleil motoneige quebec 2016 skidoo drone gopro sport aventure chute brp sortie de piste sentier vitesse laurentides raid hors piste the glitch mob canadaventure
scorpio-ld au lac pimbina, st donat trs belle journe avec une nouvelle adepte de la pche en kayak. linda a fait l'essai de son nouveau kayak native slayer 13 proler. un kayak propuls par pdale. j'ai eu beaucoup de plaisir  la suivre avec mon jackson big rig. l'eau = trs clair vent = 0/km  25/km en aprs-midi poisson = 2  3 petites perchaudes par linda et une truite par son garon martin prs du barrage  quai. distance parcourue= 8,24km  pche en kayak avec scorpio-ld sur  scorpio-ld pche en kayak kayak de pche big rig kayak jackson kayak fishing native slayer 13 proler lac pimbina pche en kayak avec scorpio-ld
another great song by this young man.mov   another great song by this young man
brown bear with wolves in alaska a brown bear close to a pack of alexander archipelago wolves in glacier bay, alaska. glacier bay alaska alaska wildlife brown bear with wolves grizzly alaska alexander archipelago wolves gloomy knob wolves alaska
23 april 2014, nice day by my ponds.. nice spring day in canada, see how my pond plants are growing today and check out my big koi who wintered under the ice for the last 23 years..... ponds fish big koi koi goldfish canada
wreck dive on the alaskan this is the first time divers have seen the alaskan since it settled in 131 feet of water near juneau, alaska. tech wreck dive divers scuba alaska juneau alaskan
human rendition of a humpback whale when my partner (rick steves) missed the whales outside our stateroom window, i did my version of their fin slaps and breach jumps. whale alaska juneau inside passage icy strait breach jump fin cruise american safari cruises safari endeavour rick steves
spectacular whale watching. humpback whales, alaska. with commentary rare amazing sight of a pod of humpback whales bubblenet feeding. these great creatures trap the herring in a ring 'net' of bubbles, then pounce.a lovely summer evening near juneau, alaska, near canada 2014 whale (animal) bubblenet bubble feeding juneau alaska net whales frenzy spectacluar sea ocean commentary school pod herring canada wale watching usa
nhl predictions for november 9th and channel stuff there are only three games on the sched for tonight. tomorrow will be busier and i should be streaming then. i also discuss the hockey pool and my other channel. hockey nhl leafs canucks opinion
trapped in the mudroom a bear manages to get stuck in a mudroom, then escape, all on a lovely, overcast juneau morning. july 27, 2012, around 10 am. juneau police officers were on the scene and no humans or animals were injured. bear alaska juneau escape animal hijinks black wildlife
alaska home 2015 (juneau alaska) blog i am a wildlife photographer. my dog scrubs and i are moving to juneau alaska. join us on our adventures as we explore all alaska has to offer, from the animals to the nightlife the food and the people calling alaska home. alaska (us state) tourist destination home (film) juneau (city/town/village) tourism (interest) blog (industry)
swamp creature lost in alaska a boy in a backyard finds a dangerous surprize . swamp
nabors at wooden house picking up pipe off the ground then a blow out drill blow out drill silvertip fishing tools.
e-collar pager dog training training dogs in real time please subscribe!!!!  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
"low point of the trip" jstephensca's photos around fort nelson, canada preview of jstephensca's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  buckinghorse river lodge bugs fort nelson pont fog 493 9031 fort nelson train station beetle fort nelson kiskatinaw paint job grainery pink mountain point trip fort nelson british columbia canada slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
kledo seth james roy trucking deere pulling kenworth hauling deere hoe 100 1663
little bit of winter (dec/14) a quick video we made for fun....just like winter... christmas holidays noel sketch funny merry christmas comedy holiday high level humor sketch comedy (tv genre) winter (quotation subject)
 a nice girl pat the cat   pets funny cute cat dog cuteness (website category) animal cats pet nice cool animals good fun best great kitty   scottish fold loves being meow
gros feux  saint-quentin 2016 film par un drone  huge fire in saint-quentin filmed by a drone gros feux  saint-quentin, nouveau-brunswick - 13 avril 2016 film par drone /  big fire in saint -quentin, new-brunswick - april 13, 2016 filmed by drone  pour vous inscrire  ma chaine youtube et tre avertie lors de nouvelle vido seront publi cliqu ici:    to find out when the video will be available , please subscribe to my youtube channel here :   -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- please watch: "chasse  l'orignal - moose hunting - o'brien's moose adventure 2016"   -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- nb saint-quentin nouveau-brunswick marcel ct aventure de belle randonne fire feux pompier firefighter house big restigouche brigade fire station drone fire truck camion de pompier casrne patrice lebel gros feux  saint-quentin 2016 film par un drone  huge fire in saint-quentin filmed by a drone
traditional farming | ferme maurifils | saint-hilaire, new brunswick the owners of maurifils farms, rgis and patricia ouellet, are passionate about the land. they are dedicated in keeping the traditional, chemical-free farming ways alive, and in sharing their knowledge with the community.    rgis and patricia ouellet  saint-hilaire, new brunswick     farm farming tradition traditional new brunswick green
agressive swallow dive-bombs within inches of your head at a certian time of year, when the swallows, nesting at the sutherland observatory have their chicks, they get extremely agressive!  anyone who dares to go outside, get dive-bombed! they actually get within a few centimetres from one's head, such that you can feel the wind from their wings. to cap it all, at that point, they make a sharp screeching sound, giving you quite a fright when not expected. swallows agressive dive-bombs attack dive bomb attacks swallow attack
4th sitka sac-roe opening 2011 4th sitka sac-roe 2011 4th sitka sac-roe 2011 herring
watercolor gallery 2014 a look back at paintings created in 2014. watercolor paintings are all original artwork by angela fehr.  learn to paint in watercolour by joining my online classes!  watercolor painting artist gallery floral landscape
every thing is broken - straight pipe - frank morow every thing is broken - straight pipe - franks singing every thing is broken straight pipe frank morow curtis belfour curtisbelfour gillam manitoba
water tabling water tabling is a new canadian sport. it was developed in the west by alberta red necks during a work related picnic. water tabling water boarding water skiing waterskiing (sport) work picnic water table weekend country alberta camping wet canada hicks hics stunting medicine lake cowboy trail rocky mountain house drayton valley
down upper wathaman rapids (perspective from lower mid left)  dancing loon island wathaman river rapids jet boat don bunker seaark predator dave bunker
top 10 cars for teenagers top 10 cars for teenagers top 10 cars for teenagers  1. toyota corolla s premium 2. jeep renegade latitude 4x4 3. ford fiesta 4. mazda 2 touring mt 5. dodge dart gt 6. volkswagen jetta tsi 7. kia forte koup sx 8. chrysler 200c 9. hyundai accent gls 10. chevrolet trax lt fwd toyota corolla s premium jeep renegade latitude 4x4 mazda 2 touring mt dodge dart gt volkswagen jetta tsi kia forte koup sx chrysler 200c hyundai accent gls chevrolet trax lt fwd top teenagers cars top 10
the cicret bracelet  review make your skin your new tablet with the cicret bracelet  review.  cicret bracelet cicret bracelet prix cicret bracelet review cicret bracelet avis cicret bracelet unboxing cicret bracelet phone cicret bracelet buy cicret bracelet video cicret bracelet purchase cicret bracelet real cicret bracelet amazon cicret bracelet projects cicret bracelet ebay cicret bracelet release date cicret bracelet buy online
2010 nbr blackstrap biter 2010 nbr blackstrap biter race  race results for blackstrap biter 2010;  mountain biking bike bicycle riding cycling downhill
we are migrants (original song) by romeo rosalita an original song written and performed by romeo rosalita aka the  balladeer of neepawa. "we are migrants". a very heartfelt song about people immigrating to a new country to make a new life for themselves. filmed at the  neepawa lily festival july 2014 immigration (quotation subject) new life neepawa lily festival romeo rosalita original song filipino balladeer original song singer acoustic guitar songwriter artist life folk musician unsigned chances life changes solidarity song
christmas lights -- wishing you all a merry christmas christmas light show music by jason shaw hark the herald angels sing  released under creative commons license 3.0.  christmas lights merry christmas christmas (holiday period)
rhythm of the hayes: canoeing to hudson bay  canoeing hayes river hudson bay (body of water) tourist destination river tourism (interest) kayak
beautiful bc on icelandics with hidden trails experience the grandeur and tranquility of british columbia on an icelandic horse.   beautiful log cabins, and endless trails all at the doorstep of the canadian wilderness. enchanting panoramic views and a rich wildlife habitat will give the nature lover an experience of a lifetime. british columbia horseback equestrian okanagan vernon icelandics equestrian video hidden trails okanagan valley tolt canada okanagan lake icelandic horse
nelson river generating stations: kettle the history and development of the kettle generating station on the nelson river.  manitoba hydro
how to train your boxer training dogs in real time please subscribe!!!!  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
e-collar pager dog training training dogs in real time please subscribe!!!!  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
how to use e- collar  obedience trained retrieves fast off leash recalls friend me on facebook!!!!   e-collar dogs shock collar martin systems chameleon electronic clicker training ez educator vibration pit bull doberman german shepherd
how to use e- collar  obedience trained retrieves fast off leash recalls friend me on facebook!!!!   e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
how to use e- collar  obedience trained retrieves fast off leash recalls friend me on facebook!!!!   e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
new concept pager leash!!! forget off leash its not for you! training dogs in real time please subscribe!!!!  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
e-collar pager dog training training dogs in real time please subscribe!!!!  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
    
how to use e- collar do not use ""low level stim method"" its not good! training dogs in real time please subscribe!!!!  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
labrador puppies in florida  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! dogs puppies dog training labrador german shepherd collar remote dogtra electronic collar off leash training
siberian husky scarlett trained retrieve ez educator 900 pager mode  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! dog training collar puppies labrador german shepherd remote dogtra electronic collar off leash training
labrador puppies in florida  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! dogs puppies dog training labrador german shepherd collar remote dogtra electronic collar off leash training
passing through caribou up past range road towers near first creek. caribou nunavik kuujjuaq hunting inuit outdoors wildlife north arctic canada natural
limestone falls, caniapiscau river video made during our du sable/caniapiscau/koksoak canoe trip 2009. for details, see  wilderness waterfall canoe trip
manque de style un peu .... mais bien du fun pche ..... lanc ... sports
samantha annanack testing webcam video mannanack
java libgdx - 2d/3d game prototype the prototype the prototype what what the prototype java libgdx indie game design dev development
squirrel goes nuts a squirrel is trying to get a peanut that is hanging from a string. squirrel
three60five 2015 promo nipawin bible college's youth retreat is just around the corner - march 6-8, 2015!  go to  to register today! three60five nipawin bible college youth retreat
mcclymont lions sports grounds in wadena, sk  dji phantom gopro re/max blue chip realty realtor real estate farm farmer farmland agriculture saskatchewan grain acreage
making feather sticks with the schrade schf42 from mike barton the ability to make fire in the outdoors using feather sticks is an important outdoor survival skill. properly made, it will provide you with dry tinder when everything is wet or covered in ice.  #feathersticks the knife is a schf42 courtesy of mike barton of bushcraftbartons.    oct 23 - 683 views bushcraft survival preppers shtf wilderness outdoors backpacking fire (quotation subject) feather stick bushcraftbartons schf42
how to use e- collar do not use ""low level stim method"" its not good! training dogs in real time please subscribe!!!!  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
the lodge at little duck come and experience a land that few have had the privilege to enjoy.  the lodge at little duck is located in the heart of manitoba's sub arctic wilderness, a fascinating land that has changed little over time. enjoy the quality and comforts of our 5 star lodge and all we offer. over a hundred miles separates us from the closest road or intrusion making the wilderness experience at the lodge at little duck even more adventurous. lodge at little duck fordavid v3
great tackle box ideas ideas i had to save space and organize my tackle box. clean box
shakes island totem pole awaiting restoration first stop on northwest passage - shakes island long house, wrangell alaska - where young tyler grew up. shakes island shakes island alaska wrangell travel pacific northwest alaska (us state) nature adventure culture destination landmark totem totem pole totem pole restoration restoration
getting to play for canada at wcoh special for stamkos steven stamkos sits down with elliotte friedman to talk about playing for team canada at the 2016 world cup of hockey after not being able to play in sochi and much more.  ----------------------------------------------    subscribe to sportsnet on youtube -   follow sportsnet online -    follow sportsnet on facebook -  follow sportsnet on twitter -  follow sportsnet on instagram -  follow sportsnet on snapchat -  5114561372001 hockey nhl youtube tampa bay lightning world cup of hockey steve stamkos elliotte friedman
you never know when [canoeing in britain] what happens in houston when you need something to do. a product of a small town and two assylum escapees ;) watch and enjoy. don't judge :p  and remember! \\ \\  you never know when you might need a rain hat! rain hat british accents houston bc oh canada life jacket ruth hamblin danika funny canoe wild adventure fail ores puddles
jet boating the pelican rapids on the athabasca pelican rapids athabasca river [sorry they took my tune away} jet boat athabasca river pelican rapids
dan pk vid 1 the easyest rune 2h/scimy dan
jus mus'in & sister  arr-b-dar jus mus'in  with big sister arr-b-dar arr-b-dar+ shantyboat +atkins retreat+ houseboat +wood boat+ jus mus'in water river cruise +plywood boat +homebuilt
abenteuer in kanada - fischen kanada abenteuer bei daniel dietiker in britisch kolumbien angeln in kanada
abenteuer in kanada - portrait kanada abenteuer bei daniel dietiker in britisch kolumbien portrait daniel dietiker
terrace's riverboat days 2010 parade this year terrace had a fantastic first weekend at their annual riverboat days celebrations. it started off with an opening ceremony in the downtown park, followed by the next day with a lively farmers market, parade, live music, sporting activities, and fireworks. it is a super fun weekend full of events for all age groups and maturity levels! riverboat days events still go on until august 8, 2010 so make sure to stop by the terrace visitor centre for a schedule of events or be sure to come to terrace at the beginning of august next year for a fun week full of exciting activities.    music: greeberg medley - the rankin family terrace bc british columbia kermodei tourism visitors center cenre riverboat days 2010 august parade pipeband pipes and drums first nations singing marching band
iceskating 1 with my coworkers friends iceskating winter snow saskatoon saskatchewan canada learning playing funtime delta besborough
arima on the fraser river boating on the fraser river, december 29, 2011.    first trip out on the boat in a few months and also the first try at using the gopro camera. arima boat yamaha f90
"texas in 1880" (cover) skyler r gardiner northern spirits workshop in prince albert,sk november 14-16,2014 thatconradguy '2014' 'northern spirits' 'northern spirits workshop' 'sheryl kimbley' 'grant kimbley' 'mitch daigneault' 'terri ann randhile' 'tristan randhile' 'kevin joseph' 'shauna sayese' 'trina joseph' 'discotek entertainment' 'john earby' 'johnny earby' 'talent' 'jam night' 'thatconradguy' 'northern sports & recreation' 'nscrd' 'laronge' 'prince albert'
loon fight canadian loons fight (i think they are fighting), bird fight loons quetico great video bird best crazy birds wild birds insane birds water fight birds wild cool insane crazy
"bulkley valley vistas" marybc's photos around smithers, canada (bulkley valley pictures) preview of marybc's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  bulkley valley pictures bulkley valley vistas smithers british columbia canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
lovely in white (cover) leonard adam happy hour at pa inn november 2,2013 cory & vanessa's wedding (southend) cover tune youtube cory & vanessa happy hour in prince albert thatconradguy happy hour wedding dance happy hour at pa inn prince albert sask 31 pa inn jansen blake corrigal saskatchewan dakota favel donny favel prince albert inn
221041 township 654  athabasca county real estate so much value and attention to detail. this beautifully designed two storey home has it all. three finished levels featuring 5 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms, main floor laundry, sun room, bonus room, dining room and so much more. located on a private 3 acre parcel only minutes from town and a half mile off pavement. it is a country living dream! best of all, it is hooked up to the town water line. the best of both worlds! enjoy entertaining family or friends on one of the many deck areas outside or curl up with a good book in the sunroom overlooking part of the valley. or simply tinker away on a woodworking project in the detached workshop (with second floor, perfect man cave in the making). your opportunities are endless with this property. the lovely country setting, spacious modern home and municipal water supply make this acreage a rare find. $569,500 athabasca real estate realtor rural home sales athabasca county shahira bury back forty real estate videography hdr photography yuneec q500 royal lepage back forty productions
shalyn lindballe and dale spencer at the 2012 magnificent river rats festival 94.1 the river's kids news reporter shalyn lindballe was one of the performers at the 2012 magnificent river rats festival!  accompanied by dale spencer on the guitar, here's a sampling of her performance. 94.1 the river
antel  whf- 2008 friesian/wb filly see  this lovely filly has the friendly willing personality that the friesians are known for. she's a big girl, already stands 16 hands with a solid frame and balanced correct conformation. she has 3 excellent dressage gaits with powerful forward movment with ample reach and suspension. antel would be an wonderful partner in sport or a great addition for future breeding. antel is by donius w, approved breeding stallion and proven producer of winning dressage, eventing and combined driving horses. dressage; for sale
poplar river this is us stopping by on the way home to make tea at a rock in the franklin river in poplar river first nation poplar river franlkin river camping fire
kneeboarding 3 my son on the knee board kneeboarding (towsport)
powell river townsite .here is an interesting view of the old townsite of powell river that i shot from the bluffs in wildwood on the opposite side of the powell river. powell river sunshine coast the sunshine coast sunshine coast bc powell river bc powell river news powell river videos sony vegas lumix gh2 lumix gh2 videos lumix gh2 test videos powell river powell river bc powell river townsite townsite
tera online guide : enchanting guide and tips. fairly old tera online guide, back when it was first released.  this is a fairly old guide but  it still does see up to date. i don't play tera too much anymore honestly, i did go back on when it went free to play (f2p) and found it funny how 90% of people seemed to have the 'founder status' tera game wiki tera going free to play tera online races tera online forums rift mmo is tera online free to play mmor terra free to play mmorpg top 100 mmorp tera mmo morpg action mmorpg tera online download girlz mmorpg 2d mmorpg mmofps tera online guide tera online guides leveling in tera leveling tera guide leveling tera tera leveling tera the game ter online online game tera
grizzly in the water (short clip)   grizzly bear brown brown bear cute water tour wildlife bute inlet
north atlantic zipline zip tour! english at the bottom!  all copyrights goes to the respective owners. i only own the videoclips, not the music tracks!  me hadde ein ekstreme tur med naz! folko som var med va hyggelige, og dei som jobba der gjore da berre heilt perfekt!. folk m serrist prva zipline ein gong!  we had an extreme tour with naz! the group was nice, and the people working there just made it perfect! people, you seriously need to try zipline one time! i'm sorry, but a few clips was broken in the editing process, so there is a few clips missing.  everything was filmed with a gopro hero 2 and edited in windows movie maker. the music is taken of youtube. north atlantic zipline naz canada newfoundland awesome zipping gopro hero 2 hd 1080p line camera rider line rider
the russell inn hotel & conference centre - dinner with dickens get in the christmas spirit with the dinner with dickens event at the russell inn, where  you will be pulled back in time the very second you step over the threshold.  the event is a jolly good time with traditional food and drink, breathtaking dcor, costumes for all, and of course, rosy cheeks from laugher!     manitoba canada christmas charles dickens christmas carol event hotel rural russell inn assessippi dinner holidays entertianment corporate event family event laughter merry humour (literary genre) holiday fun
snowboarding at minnedosa ski valley needed something to do in our time at the local hill so we decided to try wht the go pro does snowboarding fail gopro snowboard winter jump sports
chess 7 move checkmate!!! chess arogan move,7 move checkmate. chess play game 2016 catur easy arogan 7 move
birtle -   ,    -   ,            , . birtle manitoba canada    chernyakov chestyle chestyle.com
baby bears playing 1  black bear cubs playing wrestling wildlife behaviour
dji drone sailboat launch and recovery my first launch and recovery of my drone while under sail. i was single-hand the boat for this launch and recovery in mouth of halifax habour. music montserrat dji drone halifax uav sailing
rodeo angel happy mother's day !  swan valley hs rodeo 2015  pole bending is timed event that features a horse and one mounted rider, running a weaving or serpentine path around six poles arranged in a line. this event is usually seen in high school rodeos and 4-h events as well as american quarter horse association, paint, and appaloosa sanctioned shows as well as at ... rodeo (sport) swan valley rodeo swan river high school national high school rodeo association (organization) swan valley (location) manitoba horses competition horses pole horse canada pole bending dancing jumping pony riding winnipeg (city/town/village) equestrianism (film genre) country news rodeo news
167" goodsoil, saskatchewan, canada.  october, 2011 167" goodsoil, saskatchewan, canada.  october, 2011 my first project
menghitung pasir cara relax maximal fake funny lol
north bay 2011 visit to north bay ontario and cruise on m.v. chief commanda ii paul20122012 north bay chief commanda
the building of a cabin at narrows west narrows west is a growing community with several homes already built or being built.  here is a look at one of the homes on the west shore that is in the process of being built.  it has a great view of the water and is going to be a beautiful home when it is completed. lake front property for sale cabins on lake manitoba lake manitoba lots lake manitoba cabins building
backcountry in alaska boonedocking,powder fun boonedocking powder backcountry snowmachines
a chance encounter with mama moose on last week's trip north, i encountered a cow and calf moose in a swamp along highway 37.  i didn't notice the calf until watching the video later... cow calf moose bc holloway bar
diving at little grand rapids, manitoba diving at little grand rapids, manitoba diving little grand rapids kent kaiser manitoba
dock removal at narrows west in 2011 removal of the docking system so that it can be refurbished after the flooding in 2011, and ready for use in the summer of 2012.  a professional dive team came in to help with the removal, and made it an easier job for the construction crew to remove all the docks without any damage.  now they will get cleaned up and fresh paint for a great summer at narrows west in the summer of 2012. narrows west
canadian coast guard inshore rescue boat 2016 rhiot training & cg1007 britt location: cfb trenton & irb station britt  audio: time to rise by cfo$  i do not own the rights to the music. coast guard department of fisheries and oceans inshore rescue boat georgian bay search and rescue boating zodiac cfb trenton hercules c130 griffon helicopter canadian armed forces britt constable carriere maritime security pacing sarex government of canada killarney pointe au baril parry sound snug harbour key river bustard islands rhiot cape hearne ontario
ranch estates update at narrows west chad olafson, president of narrows west speaks about the progression of ranch estates.  ranch estates if part of a development out at narrows west that has 58 lots for sale that are between 1.5 acres up to 2 acres.  there are still lots available for purchase on this project. narrows west lodge
narrows west lodge, and gibson's lounge the patio at gibson's lounge up at narrows west is a great place to spend some hot summer days enjoying a beverage with friends.  it offers vlt's, pool table, and all the sports you can watch.  every friday is karaoke night so you can also come and show off your vocal skills.  the lodge provides a great restaurant to help compliment the lounge and keep everybody happy. narrows west entertainment lake manitoba fishing entertainment lounge music
budgie compilation this is a compilation from syrup's 2015 year! we've loved having him and we're super excited for the future with him! loads of syrup to come but for now... happy new year xd budgie compilation syrup the budgie budgies cute budgie budgie budgie playing budgie taming awesome budgies budgie comp
pat beach speed runs - march 24-10 - snowkite mark hit 55mph, garrett 54, dave and daniel up around 50 and roland pushing 40 on a board. wind nw 45-50km/hr snowkiting boostkiteboarding
ocn jac's a local reserve team having fun in a northern league game - ocn jac's ocn jac's
surf city-09 whitewater festival this weekend on the churchill river about an hour north of la ronge, where i sat perched on a rock, just above the rapids, watching with my camera. surf city-09 whitewater cboats kayaks canoes rapids northern sask. tourism saskatchewan
owienie w kanadzie   canada wdkarstwo w kanadzie na ryby do kanady wyprawa wdkarska do kanady kanada ryby w kanadzie skeena
great places in canada nomination  strathcona county do you think the county has some great places? cast your vote in the great places in canada contest and support the nomination of strathcona countys trails and wilderness centre in the beaver hills unesco biosphere. learn more about great places in canada and vote today! vote now until october 17, 2016.  beaver hills unesco biosphere strathcona county great places nomination
zippo hand warmer part 2 lighting a zippo hand warmer to keep my hands warm! zippo zippo (brand) 40310 40310-z hand warmer
[tutorial] how to sign out & sign in line app (english & indo sub) how to sign out & sign in line app (english & indo sub)  subscribe:  sign in line line sign in sign out line line sign out login line line login logout line line logout application how to sign out line how to sign out of line how to logout in line how to sign out from line how to logout line english cara logout logout line phoniextutor #kon songly how to logout line cara keluar line line id id line tutorial android android tutorial
the best live hack!! simple live hack with pen!! the best live hack amazing video 2016
baby waw dancing and talking new  spiderman elsa spiderman and princess super spider and princess spiderman superhero and princess elsa princess elsa baby funny babies bubble gum gumball superheroes in real life frozen stop motion play doh stop motion videos spiderman videos elsa videos spiderman real life batman superheroes irl superhero videos superheroes
floral peplum dress yellow strapless for auction it will be on facebook:   fashion clothing (industry) auction (industry)
ice on whyte this was my first time at ice on whyte, and i went with my son @zoomian, who is in beavers. needless to say, we had a blast! between the ice carving crafts, the ice sculptures, live music, and the ice slides, it was such a great event. #exploreedmonton #iceonwhyte edmonton edmonton (city/town/village) whyte avenue ice carving ice sculpture sculpture (visual art form) ice slide
soccer trick shots | dude perfect soccer trick shots | dude perfect soccer trick shots dude perfect soccer trick shots by 7 year old part 1 dude perfect stereotypes dude perfect hockey dude perfect basketball dude perfect nerf dude perfect faceoff dude perfect ping pong
spiderman and superman rescue princess elsa   joker from the candy stand  spiderman elsa spiderman and princess super spider and princess spiderman superhero and princess elsa princess elsa baby funny babies bubble gum gumball superheroes in real life frozen stop motion play doh stop motion videos spiderman videos elsa videos spiderman real life batman superheroes irl superhero videos superheroes
amazing thrilling action freestyle monster car saya membuat video ini dengan editor video youtube ( youtube editor
drivelapse - 478km - pa to cumberland house to nipawin - february 9, 2016 drivelapse - 478km - pa to cumberland house to nipawin - february 9, 2016 drivelapse prince albert nipawin cumberland house saskatchewan
watertown, south dakota ( vintique car show) vintiques show and shine    this annual event features cars of all types, usually 400 antique and vintage cars from a five-state area. on display will be antiques, hot rods, modifieds, muscle cars, and vintage collectibles. street vendors are on hand to provide food. 12:00-4:00pm. watertown south dakota
handyman corner - state of the art wind shield washer  red green show wind wind power wind (am) blue change color wind instrument flying kite colors flight changing wings colour guard yellow earth dust aviation colours living tunnel windsurf flight international surf windsurfing airport changes fire boeing airplane simulator plane carrie landing airlines airbus underwood takeoff fs2004 carrie underwood aircraft cessna fs9 airways approach jet runway pilot
menemukan sarang persembunyian ikan gabus, yang tak terduga menemukan sarang persembunyian ikan gabus, yang tak terduga ikan sarang ikan ikan gabus persembunyian mancing mania mancing belut besar mancing ikan besar mancing ikan terbesar di dunia mancing belut gede mancing mania trans 7 monster mancing ikan gede
beatrice the duck: 1 beatrice announces her problems to the world. please don't send e-mails to the e-mail account used in this video; it was cancelled due to inactivity and couldn't be removed. thank you and i hope you look forward to seeing "beatrice the duck: 2 a great return" beatrice duck problems constipation
the old pictures at skinners lockport. 7/16/11. lockport manitoba skinners restaurant eat hockey pictures
enormous school of stingrays came across this school of 1000s of rays about 14 mi s/se of port canaveral, fl memorial day 2009. caught four big cobia swimming with them. stingrays captain scott lum erin ricke ocean wildlife cobia
ice shove lac la ronge december 15th, 2015. ice shoved up from wind during freeze up. shot with phantom 3 professional. la ronge ice lake nature saskatchewan northern saskatchewan lac la ronge drone
stellardescents whitewater rafting on the fraser river with stellar descents white water rafting.   stellardescents whitewater rafting fraser river white water stellar descents
archer the dog reviews his toys! hey guys! this is a video martie made of archer! i just editted it and put it all today. it was so cute i just had to put it up, i love it. enjoy!  archer is an english cream golden retriever, thats the same type of dog that markipler has, chica the dog! archer is 3 years old as of this month, september 16th 2016. he loves playing with his toys, meeting new people and being around family. he also really loves to sleep.   he has a cute habit of grunting whenever we get home, almost as if he is getting mad at us for leaving. archer enligsh cream golden retriever chica the dog archer the dog golen retriever puppies snapchat story cute puppies cute dogs cute animals funny dogs puppy (animal)
wuskwatim quarry blast idk 058
wasagamack treaty days 2010 airband just posted this one up..wass treaty days 2010 airband.. intelli-studio
aug 29th upair one flight and crash upair one hot and tired wanting to rest on the ground. upair one drones quadcopter fail
john & friends on the bloodvein river john and his friends spend a few days paddling the bloodvein river north of winnipeg.  at the eagle nest rapids they are video taped by the boys from brat. winnipeg bloodvein river manitoba white water rapids fall swamp pictographs ojibway
innu falls, du sable river video recorded on august 11, 2009 on our du sable/caniapiscau/koksoak canoe trip. see  for more info. waterfall canoe trip du sable caniapiscau 2009
granite falls, caniapiscau river video made during our du sable/caniapiscau/koksoak canoe trip 2009. for details, see  waterfall canoe trip
migrating arctic char near flowers river, labrador aug / 2011 arctic char near flowers river lodge august 2011 flowers river jim burton arctic char
canada 2016 - lac du bonnet - we are the fascination -  wakeskate dry boat dock start 4:24    freeline skate tube tubing bmx wakeskate wakeboard malibu mastercraft powerboat cliffjumping gopro dji g4 mtb mountainbike airport fun crazy dock start boat dry start jumpstart
norouz launch 2009.avi this was our first time launching our harstad 31 sailboat.  taken in jun 2009 harstad 31 motorsailer trailersailer+sailboat
yoville 2010 factory outfit im selling this filter message me with your offer and ill get back to you as soon as i can. its not seeable in game but its seeable on yoville.com so its good for taking pics or whatever u want to do yoville 2010
mt. fairweather dance group exit song gopr3649 | 6:03 pm akst from hoonah, alaska eagle cele2014 tlingit language human language raven sealaska hoonah huna dalton signature tlingit tlingit people ethnicity native juneau american alaska
a view from above - hoonah, alaska footage of hoonah, alaska from dji phantom 4.  taken from during #davisfamilyvacation2016 hoonah alaska dji phantom 4
snow removal - january 24 snow storm - swift current  snow removal in swift current snow storm january 24 storm winter storm in saskatchewan
pilot whales pilot whales off the coast of cape breton in 2008. whale cape breton
seining grand manan island 1993 (part 2 of 2).wmv the flying swan vi sails from meteghan ns to grand manan island nb, across the bay of fundy, with the seining fleet looking for herring. in the video you'll see seiners setting in daylight, which is somewhat uncommon.     members of the crew are:  george wallace,  gary wallace,  malcolm wallace,  dickie leblanc,  darryl leblanc,  glen leblanc,  robert harris,  devon cottreau,  harold jacquard, and  david cottreau wedgeport meteghan grand=manan herring seining
apology for robbing your house wed, aug 1: a guelph, on home was robbed recently. but in a strange turn of events, the robbers sent a letter to the home owners offer an apology. minna rhee reports.  for more info, please go to  on canada apology letter
kite buggy on bozo beach hd (rear axlecam 4 of 5) great day at bozo beach, quebec. winds ssw 20-25 mph. using my ozone 7 meter kite. using gopro rear axlecam. the calm before the storm! see my video: kite buggy accident caught on kitecam...60 seconds of hell!4 kitebuggy bozo beach rear axlecam gopro camera ozone
bicycle ride from canmore to banff and back october ride to banff from canmore (return).  gopro is recorded from wife's bike. canmore (city/town/village) bicycle cycling (interest) specialized banff (city/town/village) fall ride riding tunnel mountain (mountain) coffee lunch bike biking banff national park (protected site) gopro legacy trail road canada (country) alberta (canadian province) cycle
floating the nechako river in prince george me and a couple friends floating the nechako river in prince george nechako river (river) prince george (city/town/village) river tubeing floating
film ensemencement de truites mouchetee 2016 ensemencement de truites mouchetees au lac stukely par l association yamaska ensemencement peche association yamaska lac stukely truite truite mouchetee
rc cessna 310 || hobby tv rc cessna 310 || hobby tv rc cessna 310 || hobby tv #hobbytv #rcplane #rccessna310 #rccessna  #helicopter  subscribers : hobby tv rc cessna 310 hobby tv rc rc modellbau rc model scale crash rc crash rc jet crash rc helicoter rc helicoter crash helicopter crash jet crash plane crash fpv rc plane hobby king rc car nitroplanes rc-modellbau rc-model rc jet gigantic model aircraft model airliner rc airliner rc airplane turbine jet airliner (aircraft type) radio control (invention) aircraft (type of fictional setting) cessna turbo cessna 310 flying
keewaywin tent meeting 2008 brother mckay, from sachigo, preaching the word!  praise god for his faithfulness to all generations! first nation keewaywin revolution ministries
turtleford, saskatchewan pernoctating in turtleford: two days, evening and morning. turtleford saskatchewan canada canadian national railways small town oil & gas rural clean safe travel tourism
winter ice storm toranto canada toronto hotel deals  hotels toronto downtown  toronto hotels downtown  hotels in toronto  toronto activities  toronto canada hotels  toronto tourism  visit toronto  toronto airport hotels with free parking  toronto niagara falls  toronto hotel packages  motel toronto  what to do in toronto canada  things to do in toronto canada  groupon toronto hotel  youth hostel toronto  toronto visit  best hotels in toronto canada  cheap motels toronto  hotels ca coupon  visit toronto canada  toronto getaway packages  best place to stay in toronto  weekend in toronto  toronto canada tourism  motel toronto downtown  cheap toronto hotels  toronto airport hotels map  accommodation toronto canada  auberge toronto youtube editor toronto hotel deals hotels toronto downtown toronto hotels downtown hotels in toronto
grosse prise un gros brochet qui devient petit funny pike big pike big fish really funny gros brochet baie-james
small harbour tugs working the logship the south easterly hurricane blew up to 150km/hr apparently but where we were the tugs were contending with approx. 100-110 km/hr winds high winds hurricane boom logs shipping prince rupert harbour prince rupert bc canada harbor longshoremen 150km/hr winds november 4
caribous qui courent sur le barrage de lg-3 caribous qui courent sur le barrage hydrolectrique de lg-3 d'hydro-qubec, dans la baie-james.    visitez  pour plus d'histoire de pche! hydro-qubec caribous barrage hydrolectrique
was that a shark ?  shark
rc boat ducted fan homemade hydroplane water 4s 14,8 volts. rc boat ducted fan homemade hydroplane water on 4s 14,8 vols. traxxas spartan rc boat thrasher jet boat thrasher rc jet boat gigantic powerfull rc powerboat speedboat gigantic powerfull rc boat gigantic rc boat rc boat traxxas blast traxxas rc boat traxxas blast rc boat traxxas blast rc race boat traxxas rc boat spartan rc boat turbine rc boat turbine engine
kitimat 2016 erster lachs mit fliegenrute mein erster lachs mit der fliegenrute created with magix video deluxe 2014 plus lachs fliegenfischen kitimat magix video deluxe 2014 plus
rc axial jeep cherokee walking on water first test. rc axial jeep cherokee walking on water whit padels homemade and flots. slash on water traxxas slash on water traxxas slash walking on water slash hydroplane traxxas slash hydroplane traxxas slash ultimate 4x4 walking on water slash hydroplane jump on water slash jump on water slash hydroplane vs spartan slash driving on water
kitimat bc..."jumping off bridge" over hirsch creek as title suggests....a young guy, adam buick, doing the jump..... coming of age northern bc canada gary haupt logging bridge river cold water diving jumping off bridge hirsch creek suicide jump kitimat bc
cordage from moss it's january in rain central. it's tough to get motivated and get outside some days but i always feel better when i do no matter how the weather was. this was just one of those days. i went up and checked on my shelter that i built for dave canterbury's first pathfinder survival challenge, then i figured i'd just wander around and be outside. wilderness survival bushcraft primitive cordage shelter camping self reliance
rickter fs-2 760 nuthin special, just out for a spin. otter creek goose bay labrador summer of 2014 happy valley goose bay yamaha superjet jet ski water summer boats labrador otter creek terrington basin
tutoriel - webtl qubec en direct   voici un tutoriel - webtl qubec en direct qui permet de savoir son fonctionnement pour visionner son contenu de dveloppement personnel gratuitement.    webtl webtele webtl qubec tutoriel dveloppement personnel croissance personnelle  donner gratuit gratuit
rc row boat homemade on trailer towed by axial wraith. rc row boat homemade on trailer towed by axial wraith on river. rc boat in snow rc boat top speed rc boat race rc boat turbine rc boat speed record rc boat fishing rc boat crash rc boat sinking rc row rc row boat rc boat homemade
rc boat trailer and river.boat homemade. rc boat trailer and river.boat homemade with coroplast. rc boat trailer rc boat launch off trailer traxxas spartan rc boat traxxas spartan traxxas boat m41 traxxas spartan rc speed boat rc scale boat traxxas dcb m41 traxxas dcb m41 wide body rc boat gigantic gigantic powerfull rc powerboat rc race boat
journe  la pisciculture - vlog 21 mai 2016 bon visionnement !    love xx  cath & fred et les enfants  suivez une jeune et grande famille qubcoise dans leur vie quotidienne. catherine et frdrik sont parents de 4 enfants dynamiques, qui ne sont pas en manque d'nergie. embarquez dans leurs aventures, leurs projets, leurs russites et leurs checs. apprenez  les connatre  travers des moments remplis d'motions.  ------------------------------ musique:  tobu - good times(ncs release)  far away - mk2 ------------------------------ moments forts: vivre l'accouchement d'tienne:  montage photo accouchement d'tienne:  vlogs 2013 -  vlogmas 2013 -  vlogs 2014 -  vlogmas 2014 -  vlogs 2015 -  ----------------------------- suivez-nous ici blog   chane maternit/beaut/lifestyle   instagram   twitter   facebook   contact pour m'crire   courrier -  catherine - mom ready to go  goij 312 sherbrooke e,  montral (qubec) h2x 1e6 courriel - momontherunyt@gmail.com  pour toutes demandes commerciales - catherine@gojistudios.com canadienne ducation organisation recette ami maison travail conciliation tude naturel maternel maternit achats beaut maquillage femme mari husband wife mari marie aimer bb fillette garon fils fille qubec quebec qc vlogger vlog maman famille enfants pouse poux canadian canadien qubcoise qubcois vie quotidienne amour mariage vie de tous les jours daily quotidien
how to remove sharpie price tag mark ink marker from packaging plastic box paper how to remove sharpie permanent marker from packaging / boxs and plastic. very easy with alittle bit of elbow grease and spit :) dont go to hard or you will remove to surrounding area and it will stand out packaging and labeling (literature subject) how to remove permanent marker removing price tages removing sharpie how to remove sharpie removes prices on packaging how to remove price tags ink remove ink prices how to removes permanent marer remove price tags
algonquin park canoe trip store algonquin outfitters, a family owned and operated business, has been serving algonquin park canoe trippers since 1961. we are paddlers ourselves, so we know and love algonquin and we know and love canoe tripping! with several locations in and around the park, a wide range of services, including equipment rentals, complete and partial outfitting, guided day trips, custom guided trips and water taxi service, algonquin outfitters can meet the needs of just about any algonquin park visitor.        toll free reservations: 1-800-469-4948 algonquin outfitters park muskoka ontario canada trip complete outfitting rental canoe kayak hiking camping canoeing kayaking portaging map maps canada outdoors canoe trip
snow lies auto alcher a short video to show my master way of alching. i modified it once before and after taking the video i modified it again. now its as fast as can be. snow lies auto alcher
2 bears on a boat at tunilik adventures camp 2 bears pay us a visit and are very interested in our boats.  aventure tunilik bears boat hunting outfitter caribou outfitter
1999 dodge dakota sport r/t from ride time | 87 oak point hwy back in the day, there was only one game in town if you wanted a mid-sized truck - meet our 1999 dodge dakota sport 4x2 regular cab presented in black that comes with a 5.9 liter v8 that put out plenty of hp and the sure feel of the road with a smooth shifting automatic transmission.  the dakota trucks just like this one are popular as both a truck and a second family car. as you can see, it combines the comfort and easy drivability of a compact truck with the power and hauling capacity of a full-size. did you notice our sport comes with premium wheels, and a hard tonnaeu cover?  the front of the cab is spacious, with a well-laid-out dash featuring large controls. drivers love the power of the v8 engine and the control of the gears, and the list of safety features. this may be a base truck to some but the reality is that is a well rounded machine suited for any driver. print this page and call us now... we know you will enjoy your test drive towards ownership! we are family owned and here to make your car buying and ownership enjoyable!  visit our website:  like us on facebook:  follow us on twitter: @ride_time circle 715 pembina hwy on google:  circle 87 oak point hwy on google:   ride time is the auto dealership of choice for people with less-than-perfect credit. we provide innovative credit solutions, quality vehicles and outstanding customer service. at ride time, we're committed to creating a positive experience for customers, even under the toughest circumstances. ride time ridetime ridetime.ca winnipeg used car dealer winnipeg used truck brothers of bargains auto finance 1999 2000 dodge dakota sport rt r/t
high heels - project 5 speech - tm sujatha subramanyam, fed toastmasters, bahrain a part of the project 5 speech from the basic competent communication manual by tm sujatha subramanyam, fed toastmasters, bahrain. sujatha subramanyam toastmasters project 5 speech fed toastmasters bahrain
my dumbo rats!!! hope you guys liked the video. it has my newest dumbo rats in it, skippy & texas. please comment, like, subscribe. thanks :) dumbo rats.
rc boat misty creek - why to leave "the dog" at home .... testing 2 "gas boats" ...lol just me and my daughters dog ... so i thought i would take her ...... dumb idea .lol    need to fix rat fink rudder and prop now rc boats misty creek why to leave the dog at home ........... razor motorbike crash accident bike cruiser boats stunts
nazko valley people nazko valley people. created by love corps and edited by david llewellyn for youtube. nazko quesnel marmot fishpot native llewellyn
kakwa falls our journey to kakwa falls. kakwa wildlands
new years eve ski at purden out skiing for the second time of the year.  having fun with emily's new hero3 hero3 black skiing purden ski snow
zezima at varrock west bank i saw zezima at varrock west bank this is for all u zezima lovers im coje runescape zezima shysteph coje classic music gaming game 01 23
crooked river provincial park   2012camping trip 326
thunderbird lodge landing landing pa31 chieftan
hwy #97 just south of hixon just comming into hixon ... little snow but cold ... -3 leaving quesnel and by hixon it was -13! hwy #97 winter roads travel. bc hixon
excelsior wildfire in jasper national park a 2 hour time lapse video compressed to 30 seconds from 6 pm until 8 pm of the excelsior wildfire in the maligne valley. forest fire tourist destination jasper national park (protected site) time lapse fire first wildfire (disaster type) maligne excelsior
canadian rocky mountains 2010 see tour- candian rocky mountaines canada rockie mountains last spike louise lake icefield mt. revelstoke np glacier jasper banff kootney yoho
bjrne i rocky mountains vi var s heldige at se 15 bjrne p vores tur til rocky mountains. her er tre af dem. bjrne
neil dimmock traffic?? draft horse percheron show hitch wagon pull cart fast ox horse farming
quadriplegic lawn mowing a short video showing how well a zero-turn mower works for a quadriplegic. the hand splints were made at red deer hospital. kary wright quadriplegic paraplegic bashaw alberta canada cuff splint red deer occupational therapist quadriplegia (disease or medical condition) health (industry) toronto
nitro supervee 27 pond rip 40/52/3 blade prop rippin at the local pond 5th tank in my sv27, still running on stock setting, needs a few adjustments but not a problem with it yet. nitro supervee sv27 27 boat r/c rc fast aquacraft proboat hull water remote control
the labrador wild man movie trailer for the upcoming movie about my geocaching buddy labrador wild man. labrador geocaching happy valley-goose bay (city/town/village)
emergency management: sumas river training exercise, september 2016 approximately 30 personnel took part in an emergency response training exercise on the sumas river in abbotsford in september 2016, as part of kinder morgan canadas emergency management program. trans mountain pipeline construction building a pipeline environmental protection trans mountain expansion expanding a pipeline emergency management
dedicated to the redneck pepi this song is dedicated to a very good youtube friend pepi    more original and cover songs by ferny turnbull /guitarrox can be found here  motorcycles midnight rider ferny turnbull  italy friends friendship bike dedication dedicated
"the herb guy" wild mint & cattails picking wild mint & the many uses of cattails wild herbs
grave yard korangi 1 no good grave yard korangi no
first backloop at eden north attempting a couple backloops at eden north para schools inc. great experience!! will keep working on it!! feel free to comment!! skydive eden north skydiving edmonton freefall unstable backflip backloop
basic trailor light wiring .wmv installing a wiring harness and new lights all around my large utility trailor. mrtiki fans ( cat )  9:33 repair wiring harness tail lights marker utility trailor deck trailer howto new led light electrical wiring
backyard birds edmonton i really enjoy watching birds in my backyard and here are some of the good shots i got over the month of october.   for the rest of the winter i plan on uploading at least one birding video a month. i hope to capture some really great content and get people interested in the nature that lives around everyone.    if you'd like to contact me check out my website: zokah.ca backyard birds backyard birding backyard birding edmonton bird (organism classification) birding birds nature nature documentary (tv genre) purple finch (organism classification) purple finch edmonton zac peetsma
street legal racing svt cobras and mustangs a compilation of mustangs and cobras at edmonton street legals september 2006. filmed and cut by g-spot and shaved 03. svt cobra mustang racing street drag fast speed burnout edmonton castrol
daily outboard motor maintenance  2 stroke motor part 1-3  .wmv tutorial of a full tear apart of carbs , carburator flange surface repair , fuel line , electrical service ,sparkplugs , on my 1978 - 700 chrysler skier outboard motor . however it is the same repair as most 2 stroke marine engines / 2 stroke motors . outboard motor repair motor invention general servicing marine engines mechanical engineering carburator dismantling 12 volt electrical electricity (product line) outboard motor (invention) two-stroke engine (invention)
newfoundland lighthouses on a recent trip to newfoundland canada we were lucky enough to visit three on the many lighthouses in newfoundland. this video is shots of the lighthouses and the views from the lighthouses of the atlantic ocean. we hope you enjoy our video, please click like and please subscribe newfoundland lighthouses lighthouse rose blanche canada travel tourism atlantic ocean
"16 grande cache" tombuttle's photos around grande cache, canada (free camping in grande cache) preview of tombuttle's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  muskeg river fishing alberta canada kvass flats sheep creek tenting alberta grande cache blog map of sulphur rive and smoky free camping in grande cache sheep creek campground grande cache grande cache hiking trails pictures of good highway to grande cache alberta sulphur gates falls grande grande cache canadian rockies alberta trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
breezy point on the red river imgp7869 breezy point on the red river, netley creek river (geographical feature category) netley creek red river of the north (river)
01 gold prospecting 5 gallon bucket classifier demonstration of the bucket classifier i use to screen gravel when gold panning. gold gold panning classifier 5 gallon bucket
setting carb.float on a 2 stroke this is a description of how to set a float on most 2 stroke & marine carburators chrysler evinrude force yamaha mercury johnson jlo division stroke outboard motor division boat engine tank start gas cold starting motor how to and style older marine motors oil mix premix invention internal combustion general maintenance gasoline (fuel) two-stroke engine (invention) carburetor (motorcycle part)
noire river qc class iii tb takes his first(?) ride in a mr guide....finds the handling a little rough but makes a clean run none the less    riviere noire quebec may 2011 water levels high canoe rapid noire quebec paddle river whitewater canada
coastal navigation with a merchant naval ship.wmv filmed aboard the multi-purpose heavy lift ship, mv fanja, whilst navigating through the juan de fuca straits and onwards to the city and port of vancouver, canada navigation navigating voyage sailing trip sea vessel ship boat maritime merchant navy naval fanja canada vancouver marine water usa juan de fuca cargo boats outdoors cruising cruises travel explore exploration navigate sail deck panorama sightseeing islands environment peninsula passage ships travelling tourism river journey ocean adventure shipping transport transportation vehicle float nature destination sailor expedition heavy lift straits bridge city port commerce trade trading
stoughton vs. spriggs a-b final part 2 of 2 feb 13 2000 jeff stoughton vs don spriggs in the 2000 championship final game from the manitoba men's provincial curling championship jeff stoughton don spriggs curling sport manitoba brandon
cute baby budgie baby budgie syrup is enjoying some fantastic head rubs. he was soo cute and cuddle as a baby budgie and i can't believe how much syrup has grown up. what a cute cuddle baby budgie :) baby budgie baby budgies baby pet budgerigar (animal) budgie budgies cute budgie playful baby budgie little budgie happy budgies cute pet
bella bella to bamfield  bella to bamfield
orca sighting near generator camp awesome orca sighting from our vantage point near "generator camp" orca killer whale johnestone strait orcinus orca
craik logging, waterfall, alaska 2  woods behind camp
inquiring minds want to know - why haida gwaii !! play at full sceen for best experience!!  this is a really amazing video, however it does not even come anywhere close to the beauty this place really is!  you really need to come and experience it in person!!  my answer to jmanprepper's question!  "a few minutes with jman"   video and audio credits to nick didlick photography -  and the haida gwaii singers society -  haida gwaii (island group) hiking (sport) haida people (ethnicity) green living norman mcgregor solar energy solar energy (industry) sustainable living
triple island lighthouse august 13, 2011  we checked out triple island lighthouse during one of our whale watching excursion. this is probably the biggest lighthouse on the west coast. s/w of prince rupert. it is manned yearound and is a very important part of the north coast. it is built like a forteress because during winter storms; the waves can reach the upper part of the walls. operational since 1921. lighthouse triple island prince rupert adventure tours excursion normand aubin
south moresby gully  finding coral expedition dive sites deep sea corals king crab south moresby gully ocean floor living oceans society
winnie's hometown festival 2013 - winnie-the-pooh parade (white river, ontario) link to photos from winnie's hometown festival parade (and other event during the festival) to be added here once published -check back later today)...   all the northshore's daily, local news (from red rock to wawa) is available 24/7 at:   thanks to: emeraude charron  subscribe to  to receive notification when new videos are uploaded... _______________________________  follow us:      shop & support  _________________________________  produced by ontarionewsnorth.com  copyright ontarionewsnorth.com 2013 news parade winnie-the-pooh (fictional character) white river ontario (city/town/village) festival northwestern ontario northern ontario poohfest winnie-the-pooh parade white river northwestern ontario northern ontario white river poohfest parade parade northern ontario festivals northwestern ontario parades karina hunter ontarionewsnorth white river volunteer fire department white river ontario ems superior east opp ontario provincial police
jeeps at play - kakwa 2013 october 27 traveling into kakwa falls october 27, 2013. jeep wrangler (automobile model) jeep (automobile make) kakwa provincial park and protected area (location)
metal detecting vancouver beaches...tips on beach hunting short video on beach hunting tips on treasure hunting the beach for gold rings metal detector (hobby) the ring finders
downhill boating i acquired an old rowboat for free and figured - quite correctly, i might add - that it would be much fun to use for tobogganing.   created with youtube video editor ( youtube editor tobogganing sledding (sport) downhill winter sport (media genre) omands creek rowboat
platinum alibi - ready bake video the triumphant funk trio makes its music video debut with ready bake. for more information on the band, please visit  platinum alibi funk hey girl calgary dance back to school music rock and roll platinum alibi bathroom stall smoking funny awesome
family of grizzly bears a she-bear with cubs spotted and filmed in the canadian rocky mountains. grizzly bear grizzly bears canada rocky mountains canadian rockies bears in the wild bear cubs
xxl bluefintuna xxl tuna.com  canada  tunfischangeln  big game  jigging-master grotun xxl tuna big game jigging master bluefintuna
24 hour solo survival part 1 of 4 too much footage and not enough time! this is an overnight survival camping trip based on thebushcraftgroup's latest survival camp-out challenge. bushcraft survival knife camping skills foraging wilderness adventure shot gun rifle
aerial canada rockies foothills bighorn river ab aerial canada rockies foothills bighorn river ab aerial canada rockies foothills bighorn river ab
sarah joncas @ the thinkspace gallery la california 2009 fellow artist & amazing partner in art crimes paints up the thinkspace gallery for her solo show sarah joncas thinkspace pop surrealisim painting
selkirk manitoba has it dead on correct never trust anything that you are told from the p.o.m. 4/26/14. selkirk manitoba red river flood sam katz
crackerbox rc gas boat built by me from wood and fiberglass.  running a 3.25hp motor. rc boat gas power zenoah crackerbox cy27 radio control
building the abitibi canyon dam 4 of 4 documentary from 1932 - building the abitibi canyon dam. quite a feat in the 30's in the middle of the canadian north, 100's of miles from the nearest civilization. dam dam construction abitibi canyon building the abitibi canyon
nflder in fort mac wants to come home david layden of corner brook says the stress of the fort mcmurray wildfire and the forced evacuation is crazy.   subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:  for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador cbc nl news wildfire corner brook fort mcmurray fort mac fire
tango de la karelia by jorma jyrkkanen to commemorate karelia which finland lost during the soviet invasion in the second world war along with a rich history. copyright 1989 jorma jyrkkanen. jorma jyrkkanen dance tango folk world music
bella coola bat bat in hotel room at one a.m. bat bella coola eagle lodge british columbia
north saskatchewan turbulent flow - lrt bridge fast and turbulent flow close to lrt bridge as the river levels has risen. edmonton 23 jun 2013. edmonton light rail transit (mass transportation system) north saskatchewan river (body of water) canada lrt bridge north saskatchewan turbulent flow alberta flood 2013
get me outta here! - second evacuation for one nl woman a woman from englee has been evacuated for a second time, to flee the wildfire still spreading in fort mcmurray.    joanne randell was working the night shift and was at home asleep, when she awoke at 3 p.m. monday to find herself under another evacuation order in an area north of the alberta community.   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland cbc nl news atlantic fort mac fm wildfire fire fort mcmurray evacuation
winter drive-kootenay pass kootenay pass, known locally as "the salmo-creston" is a mountain pass in the selkirk mountains of british columbia, canada. it is utilized by the crowsnest highway to transverse the selkirks, connecting the communities of salmo and creston. at its opening the highway route was also dubbed the kootenay skyway    the kootenay pass is the highest highway-served pass in canada that is open year-round, although it is frequently closed in bad weather.    highway webcam:   bcbackrider bcb winter drive highway crowsnest kootenay pass creston salmo
glacier bay national park flight! enjoy the spectacular views of glacier bay national park on this 4-minute scenic overflight into johns hopkins inlet. glacier bay national park scenic flight alaska mountains glaciers gustavus ak park ranger scenic airplane holland america cruise princess cruises glacier bay lodge
la crete ferry crossing the la crete ferry june 13 2010 at around 6:00 am la crete la crete ferry tompkins landing peace river river crossing
colonel samuel smith park birds (nov. 18, 2016) not edited whatsoever (original file uploaded). shot on a google pixel xl. colonel samuel smith park ducks mallard duck canadian goose canadian geese toronto google pixel pixel xl video sample video test ontario canada seagull gull etobicoke lake ontario
pine falls: behind the scenes bts of dropping off our good friend eric back into the wilderness  if you haven't watched the 15 second montage of the trip check it out!:   follow me on: twitter: twitter.com/alryandomingo  tumblr: alryandee.tumblr.com instagram: instagram.com/alryandomingo  subscribe: youtube.com/alryandee manitoba (canadian province) powerview-pine falls (city/town/village) canada (country) instagram langly 305ivemm drake legend toronto winnipeg long drive snow fog commercial backpack pack and go driving hip hop music (musical genre) adventure wilderness hiking travelling
king oak theme song stan konig king oak productions theme song blues king oak productions stan konig
alaska tlingit dancers in teslin, yukon. alaska dancers doing a traditional dance, i am not sure what the story is but is from their old days long ago. alaska tlingit dancers teslin yukon
maritime ride & pride's 1st annual working truck show & shine parade (amherst, ns) 09-11-16 maritime ride & pride's 1st annual working truck show & shine parade (amherst, ns). day #2 of the event saw a parade of trucks on the street of downtown amherst, nova scotia.  the event was in support of special olympics (amherst) sept 11, 2016. amherst maritime ride & pride trucks big rigs parade of trucks working truck show & shine
bella coola highway - heckman's pass (part 2) august 2008 mountain pass canada british columbia highway 20 (road) heckman pass (mountain pass) chilcotin (location) chilcotin ranges (mountain range) coast mountains (mountain range) driving bella coola (city/town/village) canyon (geographical feature category) tweedsmuir south provincial park (protected site)
water ski fail - i'm getting old water skiing at the cottage on the bird river last weekend. i haven't skied for about 5 years, i used to ski for about 15minutes at a time and slalom the whole way....not anymore. better put in a better effort next year! old fail year away epic water ski skiing waterski waterskiing cottage river bird
i found gold on a beach i found gold on a beach in pei. a trip to the farmers market took us to a weirdly cold beach in prince edward island. my instagram bit.ly/2dxlbtl  social media     snapchat: losethosepoundz found gold beach pei prince edward island still ripah jamaican accent funny friends family adventure vlog vlogging family vloggers canada daily vlogs happy people beach trip farmers m
two san clemente island goat kids at mock play san clemente island goats kids at mock play goat behavior goat san clemente island goats sci goats psikeep center for the arts goats at psikeep
bella coola - summit hiking (part 2) notice how thick the flies are while hiking on mount gurr. the trail head is off a logging road past clayton falls. bella coola (city/town/village) coast mountains (mountain range) british columbia (canadian province) canada (country) hiking (sport) climbing (sport) summit (mountain type)
dolphins near bella coola dolphins frolicking in bow wave of sailboat dolphins frolicking sailboat b.c. coast bella coola
8 truck mountain tour - canada welcome!  i had the wicked opportunity to meet up with some folks from over alberta for some trailing exploration. other then the great part of meeting new people and driving a long distance to meet and trail is everyones custom rigs! its great to see other trucks and how they perform. i think only 6 drove out which is pretty good as we hiked for a good 3 miles uphill to end up just turning around and coming back down to the river. but always worth it and always fun! thank you for watching and make sure you subscribe please and until next time...  my latest parts:    powered by: patreon  please help us grow by supporting our love for film & production thank-you!!!  sponsored by   if your looking for the best deals on the internet and the most selection then asiatees is your source, with over 700,000 parts in inventory a 365 day return policy as well as free shipping over 75$ then asiatees is where its at :-)  follow me: instagram  facebook    copyright 2015-02-24 06:47:22 - all rights reserved  mcn: wmfdn-9fx7e-8f83t all rights reserved. publication, reproduction or distribution of this film by any means  including electronic transmission through the internet or email, or re-uploading any videos & re-uploading such material on any website anywhere in the world is strictly prohibited without the prior written consent from rc trailblazr or diablo9999ca thank you diablo9999ca rc trailblazr trailblazer remote control trucks video trials park 4x4 road mud offroad adventures out doors muddy muddier swamp wraith axial hobby radio movie wet water waterproof trail youtube google go pro hobbies rc addict success full time youtuber career rc videos rc videographer most subscribed extreme awesome story community share fun excitement pass-time learning scx10 water offroad trucks
legacy lodge 2013 whales our encounter with humpback whales in rivers inlet, canada 2013 whales
rabbit river canoe trip photos 2013  water canoe (ship type) rabbit river canoe trip kayak photos lac du bonnet manitoba 2013 july summer nopiming winnipeg forest pelican walleye pike northern three days two nights swamp bog fen cliff granite canadian shield canada ontario saskatchewan pinawa mb rapids shallow rocks round camera nova craft beaver dam pine reflection grass peaceful
canadian forces skyhawks at cfb edmonton 2014 skyhawks perform at the 100th anniversary of the ppcli shaw tv edmonton canada (country) parachute regiment (military unit)
charlie eddy   muddler minnow  northern lights fly tyers tu edmonton nlft fly pattern fly tying muddler minnow
bad credit car dealerships merritt bc - (855)-319-9521 bc auto credit  - bad credit car dealerships merritt bc  - (855)-319-9521 bc auto credit  good/bad/no credit. guaranteed fast approvals in under 24 hours. stop credit shopping and start rebuilding your credit. serving british columbia, canada. free vehicle delivery anywhere in bc. over 700 vehicles to choose from. many financing options. new programs 2016. get rates.  bc auto credit  6081 e hastings st, burnaby, bc v5b 4z4, canada (855) 319-9521 bad credit car dealerships merritt car loans merritt auto loans merritt guaranteed car loan merritt car loan rate merritt car loan company merritt
landing edmonton city canada rwy 30 cockpit view landing edmonton city canada rwy 30 cockpit view landing edmonton city canada rwy 30 cockpit view
vintage retro smoothskin neoprene diving 1960's style smoothskin neoprene, double hose aqua-lung reg. i collect, restore and dive with vintage retro diving gear.if you also like diving vintage gear you can contact me at gc.underworld@hotmail.com.greg vintage retro diving smoothskin neoprene scuba
panoramic of eagle beach in juneau, ak just a panoramic view of eagle beach in juneau, ak eagle beach juneau alaska mountains juneau
vlog 1 / youtube pagan challenge let me introduce myself. hope you enjoy.      the music for this video  pippin the hunchback kevin macleod (incompetech.com) licensed under creative commons by attribution 3.0 license   hidden past kevin macleod (incompetech.com) licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0 license  druid pagan edmontonpagan yegpagan yegdruid celtic druidry ytpaganchallenge
tuan nguyen   mylar floating minnow tuan demonstrates some great techniques in this floating minnow pattern. tuan nguyen mylar floating minnow nlft fly tying pattern northern lights
april 21st 2016 rainy evening in kamloops a few rain storms pass over kamloops on april 21st 2016.  lots of thunder and lightning, but none of the lightning strikes were picked up by the time lapse camera this time. kamloops rain thunder lightning storm clouds heavy rain rainbows rain clouds bc explore bc british columbia b.c. kamloops bc kamloops b.c. thompson rivers north thompson south thompson interior bc interior b.c. weather photography time lapse timelapse contour gps contour camera flood flooding water levels north thompson flood south thompson flood snow pack melting snow river levels flood danger thompson river flood thompson river water levels
2013-06-06 regina today  (summer time..everything is so easy)  clouds.. regina saskatchewan.   june 6, 2013.  nothing special just a typical display of clouds over the city.  created with magix video deluxe 2013 plus magix video deluxe 2013 plus regina saskatchewan saskatchewan regina canada sky
women's portage events - southend 39th annual winter festival 2015 southend 29th annual winter festival 2015 southend reindeer, saskatchewan thatconradguy 'mavis clarke' 'southend carny' 'southend winter carnival' 'southend 39th winter festival' 'janelle clarke' 'christine ravenis' 'josephine cook' 'gail clarke'
chrysler outboard service guide.wmv feel free to ask for info on your motor. this is a short video to let you know that i have a chrysler outboard marine service manual  i can find you some info on your motor covering all 3 cyl & 4 cyl (  chrysler & chrysler skier outboards only ) service (economics) chrysler marine service manual outboard motors boat marine (ocean) sailing ocean yacht outboard motor (ranked item) outboard motor (invention)
edmonton to fort mac a summary of my drive from st albert (edmonton) to fort mcmurray while listening to #abgt podcasts. it's a safer easier drive than most maritimers think.   raw footage has been downscaled from 1080 to 720p. recorded with dod ls300w. canada alberta
team baitme teaser a day well spent filming the baitme ranger in action.  here's just a raw teaser.... ranger bass boat evinrude 250ho markus brants docktime
petroforms. bannock point whiteshell manitoba. winnipeg river. native history. ceremonies. granite precambrian ridges. manitoba.  canada.  whiteshell provincial park. medicines. teachings. healing. philosophy. manitoba petroforms whiteshell manitou ojibway natives firstnations archaeology canada precambrian mide philosophy history geology
cymric, saskatchewan the summertime sun is drifting towards the evening horizon on two days at cymric, a year apart. cymric saskatchewan canada tourism travel safe clean clear rural small towns warm summer days ghost
white mud river part 8 (ofty's campground) check out google earth for locations. manitoba white mud river
dennis dineen - baby (v) my last input from dryden, ontario.  it's been fun, after a 6 pack of ex.  this tune is from my sunny surrey daze of 1991. octoberish.  i think i had something in mind,   but i'm not sure what it was.  cheers adult
mb hydro keeyask protest (2 of 8).wmv friday july 13, 2012, late evening 2 rcmp officers from the gilliam detachment escort mb hydro employees: bob monkman and dale jorgenson to deliver court injunctions. mb hydro keeyask dam tataskweyak
_____________? leonard adam happy hour at pa inn november 2,2013 cory & vanessa's wedding (southend) youtube donny favel dakota favel prince albert sask prince albert inn pa inn saskatchewan cover tune happy hour at pa inn wedding dance happy hour happy hour in prince albert thatconradguy cory & vanessa 30 jansen blake corrigal
river safety video from the calgary fire department partners for river safety video , what to know before you go out on calgary's rivers this summer. scout , access and decide. remember, where there's water , there's risk. --- visit the city of calgary's website:    subscribe to the city of calgary's youtube channel:   the city of calgary -- working together to create and sustain a vibrant, healthy, safe and caring community.  like us on facebook:   follow us on twitter:   follow us on linkedin:   view photos on flickr:   read our calgary city news blog:   subscribe to the city of calgary newsroom:    download our mobile apps:   the city of calgary is committed to posting informative videos that are relevant to calgarians and the surrounding communities. rivers in calgary rafting the bow calgary fire department 2015.05 floating the bow river safety river advisory calgary 2015.public city of calgary river conditions alberta yt:cc=on
"i want to break free" (cover) the outlaws the outlaws at nortep grad in laronge,sk may 3,2014 laronge aboriginal saskatchewan nortep grad 2014 air ronge the outlaws metis mel heglan arena fred roy nortep i want to break free duane kimbley sask party mode mel heglan thatconradguy mervin morin live band merv morin dance party youtube joel durocher canada
make her mine (original) happy hour happy hour at pa inn november 2,2013 cory & vanessa's wedding (southend) pa inn cory & vanessa prince albert sask thatconradguy happy hour at pa inn 02 youtube donny favel happy hour wedding dance happy hour in prince albert dakota favel cover tune jansen blake corrigal saskatchewan prince albert inn
call to arms - angels and airwaves just a little preview of the new song and video that we've been working on. our idea is having two people, two different stories, however they come together with to one point together. i feel your hear angels and airwaves adam watson peter mckinnon i-empire empire
elf on the shelf - found our christmas stockings our stockings have been long gone and when we come home we find that our elves had them all along with gifts.  _________________________________________________________________  the elf tradition  have you ever wondered how santa knows who is naughty and who is nice? the elf on the shelf -- a christmas tradition is the very special tool that helps santa know who to put on the naughty and nice list. this interactive holiday hide-and-seek tradition is perfect for children and families of all ages.  for more in on elf on the shelf check out their web site:    _________________________________________________________________  too keep up with the latest and greatest feel free to follow me.  follow me on twitter, facebook and google+!          steam, origin, psn id: dmagnusv  feel free to add me! xmas elf elf tradition elf ideas holiday elf xmas prank elf on shelf christmas prank bad elf elf on a shelf elf on the shelf stockings returned elf on the shelf christmas stockings elf on the shelf ideas elf on the shelf tips elf on the shelf tricks elf on the shelf elf reaction video naughty elf evil elf elf found our stockings
tractor spreading compost 2014 wow look at the skills.  using the 1026r john deere tractor to spread and then rototill the garden before planting.  may long weekend 2014 tractor (invention) compost (material)
 .   . .  2. 24-25.08.2013      .          ,  ,     .     ,     ,   .        ,      ,  .       ,      .   hunting canada saskatchewan  
deja vu (cover) happy hour happy hour at pa inn november 2,2013 cory & vanessa's wedding (southend) jansen blake corrigal cover tune happy hour donny favel prince albert inn pa inn prince albert sask saskatchewan dakota favel deja vu happy hour at pa inn youtube happy hour in prince albert wedding dance cory & vanessa thatconradguy
the red river jig!! (cover) happy hour feat corny michel happy hour at pa inn november 2,2013 cory & vanessa's wedding (southend) wedding dance saskatchewan 29 prince albert inn red river jig happy hour in prince albert cory & vanessa thatconradguy happy hour at pa inn dakota favel youtube pa inn prince albert sask jansen blake corrigal happy hour cover tune donny favel
hurricane matthew - heavy rainfall in burgeo to watch more weather fallout from hurricane matthew:    subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador cbcnl nlwx weather hurricane matthew heavy rain flooding storm
can-am renegade vs suzuki king quad mud pit  all-terrain vehicle quad suzuki can-am king renegade mud pit
kitimat, bc bears this unexpected guest arrived on our back patio sunday morning at about 11:00 a.m.   it was a typical rainy morning and i guess the bear wanted a break from the wet and cold so curled up on the mat outside our patio door.  our property backs onto a greenbelt and it is common to see bears over the summer although usually not camped out on our back porch. kitimat+bears
tales of whales 1 charlevoix, quebec whales watch. whales baleine tadussac st-laurent
"if it makes happy" (cover) summer michel voices of the north 2015 february 12-14, 2015 prince albert, saskatchewan thatconradguy 'summer michel' 'if it makes you happy' 'voices of the north '
three finger bay on georgian bay one of the many anchoring bays of the massasagua provincial park in the moon river basin are of georgian bay. this is located just south west of parry sound, ontario, canada. filmed with a gopro camera. +++ more boating fun at  +++ facebook at  georgian bay parry sound anchor cruise sea ray summer massasagua gopro underwater dingy mercury
red willow river @ boys & girls camp - july 2013 a gorgeous july evening on the red willow river @ the red willow boys & girls camp southwest of beaverlodge, ab. red willow river red willow boys & girls camp beaverlodge
may 25 annexation meeting held in swift current  r.m. of swift current ratepayers joined city residents and municipal officials at the iplex auditorium on friday for a public meeting surrounding the city's plans to annex land in the r.m. the meeting which lasted just under two hours, involved presentations by the city's mayor along with a question and answer period from r.m. rate payers on the entire annexation process. the meeting is part of the process the city must go through as part of its' application to the province in a quest to annex a specific area of land in west end commercial district near lac pelletier road. at this point in time the city has offered the rm 15 times the assessed amount or $ 2 million while the r.m. is asking for 27 times the assessment or $5.5 million on the 320 acres of land. the city and r.m. will now await the final decision on appropriate financial compensation as decided by the saskatchewan municipal board. jerrod schafer poppy parsons al bridal bob neufeld rm of swift current
newtown bonavista bay newfoundland.  introduction to canada toronto ontario canadatravelling canadian rockies newtown bonavista bay newfoundland
baskatong 2014 - party 8 edition under the sun, une autre fds russie avec tous nos amis qui se tiennent depuis le secondaire....merci de venir (...phrase  2 sens) car le bonheur n`existe que si on le partage!... enjoy bande de fous! -2t- baskatong ferme-neuve mont-laurier trou d`bouette quand y pleut party huot st-jerome
sailing aug 18, 2013 - penetanguishene, ontario outer harbour, penetanguishene, on, aboard drifter ii, a c&c 30 mk1 c&c c&c 30 mk1 drifter ii penetanguishene (city/town/village) georgian bay (geographical feature)
edmonton's old faithful sewer geyser off gateway and calgary trail, near 29th ave.  edmonton 7/27/16 edmonton storm geyser woah
hockey game/practice recorded in emo, ontario emo ontario canada hockey game/practice
todd  oishi   prospector todd tyes the prospector pattern at the nlft january seminar. northern lights fly tyers tu edmonton nlft fly pattern fly tying czech nymph prospector
beaver caught in oil spill released back into wild a one-week old baby beaver, which was caught in the plains midstream canada oil pipeline spill last june on the red deer river, is back in the wild.  read more:  red deer beaver baby beaver oil spill plains midstream wildlife medicine river wildlife alberta nature
craigleith provincial park - spring camping - pt. 2 - rv camping ontario part 2 day 2 of our first rv trip to craigleith provincial park in blue mountain, ontario canada. april 16, 2016. campgrounds sites tour and campfire steak dinner. rv camping ontario  subscribe to our channel and follow us as we explore ontario's provincial parks in our new travel trailer. me, my wife, and our 2 dogs.  like - subscribe - share  thanks for watching. ontario parks craigleith provincial park travel trailer camping rv camping ontario rv travel blue mountain imagine travel trailers imagine 2600 grand design dogs shale shoreline camping with dogs explore hiking adventure part 2 pt. 2 spring camping campfire cooking campfire firewood georgian bay collingwood wasaga beach
roadhouse blues 15/04/08 c'est la vido de roadhouse blues au spectacle annuel de la poly de la baie. cette vido est meilleure parce que gabolo (gabriel pearson) tait l. blues rock indie bruno ouellet gabriel pearson polyvalente de la baie
canadian pacific (cp) yard in sudbury ontario, part 1 of 2 spent an awesome day in the cp yard in sudbury ontario. 2 locals, 2 through freights and the local switchers.   gexr gp38 #3856 (goderich-exeter railway) rail america (ottawa valley railway) rlx gp40 #4096 (goderich-exeter railway) rail america (ottawa valley railway) desx sd40-2w #5306 diesel electric solutions hc sd40-2w #3012 huron central (genesee wyoming canada) cefx ac4400cw #1042 the cit group cp ac4400cw #'s 9585, 9522, 9709, 9714 cp sd40-2 #'s 5961 & 5727 cp yard sudbury ontario freights switchers switching train trains railway railroad graffiti auto rack steel coil car gondola tank car box car gexr gp38 rlx gp40 goderich-exeter railway rail america ottawa valley railway desx sd40-2w diesel electric solutions hc huron central genesee wyoming canada cefx ac4400cw the cit group sd40-2
the cod song anudder one by! mar
effects of climate change on cretaceous sharks royal tyrrell museum speaker series 2011  dr. mike newbrey, royal tyrrell museum  the effects of climate change on the growth biology and geographic distribution of cretaceous sharks. shark climate change biology royal tyrrell museum
hey, brattia opryshky - , -!  by ukrainian male chorus of edmonton this medley of ukrainian folk songs is about ukrainian "robin hood" - oleksa dovbush from western ukraine.  it was performed by the ukrainian male chorus of edmonton, ab during their shows in nanaimo and victoria, b.c. on feb. 15-16, 2009.   piano accompanist - christine chepyha. chorus conductor - dr. svitlana lysogor. ukrainian male chorus edmonton ukr songs
deline drum dance - ratification of self-government agreement celebrating the ratification of the deline final self-government agreement. in deline, northwest territories - canada. (see my blog post re. deline (september 2016) here:   for more information, visit  deline (city/town/village) ratification self-governance (literature subject) self-government dene (ethnicity) sahtu northwest territories (canadian territory) drum dancing drums (musical instrument) celebration
manitou (cte-nord, qc) l'embouchure de la rivire manitou unmanned aerial vehicle (aircraft type) cte-nord (administrative division) qubec (canadian province) rivire-au-tonnerre quebec (city/town/village) sept-les (city/town/village) sept-les
2010 new years day polar bear swim, steady brook, newfoundland and labrador (by peter bull) watch the second annual new years day polar bear swim in the humber river at steady brook. the swim grew from one participant in 2009 to three in 2010. with an air temperature of -2c and water temperature a balmy +2c, gavin, mandy and rob took the plunge! hopefully the number of participants will grow for 2011. newfoundland and labrador newfoundland steady brook cold water swim polar bear polar bear swim peter bull corner brook
juneau whale watching a pod of humpback whales bubble net feeding near juneau, alaska.  spectacular! juneau alaska humpback whales bubble net feeding whale watching wildlife animals
rolling, rolling, rolling! an ode to capelin the capelin are finally rolling in newfoundland! to celebrate, the musical and comedy geniuses at cbcnl teamed up to craft this salty song, featuring the vocal stylings of geoff bartlett (with a tip of the cap to frankie lane). watch more comedy from newfoundland & labrador:   subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador comedy cbcnl capelin rawhide parody musical parody
grizzly bear running and climbing tree the grizzly bear on the other side of the chilko river, british columbia is running and climbing up a tree to watch us.    this video was taken while i was at the chilko experience.  visit  for information on your bear watching vacation. grizzly bear (animal) british columbia (canadian province) chilko experience
brazeau reservoir cooking on our coleman stove & camp site stove, one of our favorite activities. cooking with coleman stove campsite stove. brazeau reservoir alberta canada.
ed engle   glass bead emerger  northern lights fly tyers tu edmonton nlft fly pattern fly tying ed engle
klinkhamer  northern lights fly tyers tu edmonton nlft fly pattern fly tying
dave murray   sparkle pupa dave ties a gary lafontaine pattern dave murray sparkle pupa nlft fly tying pattern northern lights fly tyers alberta
ultravib tmoignage johanne daigle grapholoque tmoignage d'une grapholoque rput, johanne daigle interview
phil rowley   long leaders phil demonstrates building long leaders and describes the knots and techniques.  recorded at the annual january nlft / tu edmonton seminar. phil rowley long leaders nlft fly tying pattern northern lights alberta
making boat tarp brackets this video shows the construction of boat tarp brackets with final photo's of the brackets on the boat. (don "t forget to subscribe!!!)   if you enjoy, hit the like button. bthv1 boat tarp brackets making boat tarp brackets boat tarp boat tarp welding brackets boat cover support brackets bruce pender bthv1
we had a baby | drivenmonkeyvlog #46 the baby cameeeeeeeee. watch the day that changed everything   dm music: outset - clueless kit    previous day |   twitter |   instagram |  ------------------------------ snapchat | thedrivenmonkey                   loving snapchat recently                  add me up for fun stories and snapbacks!  contact | thedrivenmonkey@gmail.com ___  thanks for watching. please remember to subscribe and share if you liked :) youtube get seen on youtube sherwood park dmvlog vlogmania chasing thrills thrill seeking edmonton vlog vlogger daily vlog youtuber
pokemon go in griesbach, edmonton. pokemon go edmonton  // vlog 1 // zokah photo & video pokemon go in griesbach, edmonton  our professional photography site!   our travel site!   zokah instagram //  facebook //   keep your eyes open for more vlogs!   all filmed on the canon g7x pokemon go in edmonton pokemon go in griesbach pokemon go canada pokemon go alberta hundreds of people playing pokemon go catching pokemon go catching pokemon in edmonton catching pokemon in griesbach loving pokemon go
observation des baleines rorquals communs mingan qc g0g canada
family needles :( | drivenmonkeyvlog #63  previous day |   twitter |   instagram |  ------------------------------ snapchat | thedrivenmonkey                   loving snapchat recently                  add me up for fun stories and snapbacks!  contact | thedrivenmonkey@gmail.com ___  thanks for watching. please remember to subscribe and share if you liked :) youtube get seen on youtube vlog daily vlog support small streamers driven monkey needles vaccines baby greyson nation support small streamers
sask. pro iv  test laps sask. pro 4 modified with ford 2.3l motor turning some test laps raceing racecar stockcar pro4 pro iv saskatchewan regina ford 2.3l 2.3 esslinger
fiji and guyana -  taste of lazerte 2016 performances student performances at the 2016 taste of lazerte event. high school lazerte me lazerte edmonton alberta canada taste of lazerte dancing performances culture celebrate unity meltol2016 fiji guyana
cutest budgie head scratches! syrup this is our cute budgie syrup. he's become soo sweet and we only had her for about a month.   check out our channel for more syrup videos! cuties budgies cute baby budgie cutest budgie head scratches cute budgie head fluffy budgie wonderful baby budgies cute budgie syrup budgie syrup
how-to use the yellow pages a step-by-step guide on how to use your yellow pages! (you know, it's that big yellow book that gets delivered to your door each year)  learn more google business photos and how you can enhance your google listing here:  google business photos yellow pages howto funny see inside edmonton edmonton business photos
sup bow river jamie mcvicar from banff to canmore jamie stand up paddles through the rocky mountains down the bow river. sup stand up paddle long board jamie mcvicar bow river banff canmore alberta
vansky inflatable lounge chair review.  love it or list it? watch as i tried to drown the vansky inflatable chair by flipping my canoe over on top of it in 6 degree celcius on a very windy day.  lol.  on the second part of the test,  i took it for a swim and used it as a dry bag.  man was it cold but the chair held up and my sweater i had inside the chair stayed dry. see what i had to say about all of this. p.s.  kinda funny when my canoe went adrift.  p.s. not sure if you can make  love on it or not but i did everything else on it. inflatable lounge chair dry bags canoeing beaching cape breton canoe outdoors outdoor gear review imovie iphone iphone movie love it or list it
creating dynamic watercolors using phthalo blue one of my favorite watercolor hues is phthalo turquoise. in this video i compare colors and demonstrate vibrant color combinations using this versatile color.  take an online watercolor course with me:  visit my web site:  on facebook:  phthalocyanine blue bn (color) painting watercolour (composition) watercolor watercolor paint (visual art medium) the arts (broadcast genre) color theory color theory (composer) blue (color)
street performers yeg | drivenmonkeyvlog #28 gorgeous day at the street performers in edmonton! #dmvlogmania  **i need music! contact me via email/twitter so we can chat beats!**   previous day |   twitter |   instagram |  ------------------------------ snapchat | thedrivenmonkey contact | thedrivenmonkey@gmail.com ___  thanks for watching driven monkey blog daily blog vlog daily vlog driven monkey blog yeg yeg vlog yeg daily vlog edmonton edmonton vlog edmonton youtube edmonton youtuber yeg youtuber youtuber youtube downtown whyte ave street performer
pourvoirie l'auberge du bouleau blanc un endroit paisible ou il fait bon se reposer  ,les htes sont acceuillants et la nature est gnreuse . chasse peche chalet auberge voyage chute baskatong gatineau riviere ours dore dor orignal petit gibier chevreuil becasse bcasse
hurricane matthew - norris arm north flooding for more weather videos on the effects of hurricane matthew go to:    subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador cbcnl hurricane matthew weather nlwx norris arm bishops's falls flooding washouts storm
company vehicle gps tracking 403-730-2130 edmonton ab t6e 5y2  range mobility inc. is an alberta-incorporated (2007), canadian owned company, specializing in the design, supply and installation of vehicle-mounted equipment. range mobility distributes products for a variety of manufacturers, including gamber johnson and havis, two of the largest suppliers of in-vehicle equipment in north america. range mobility also represents companies manufacturing related technology, such as whelen, code3, setina, panasonic and itronix (general dynamics), to customers across canada.  in addition to representing its specialty suppliers, range designs, builds and sells its own line of products, including ems and police consoles, laptop docking stations and cradles, and specialty items such as prisoner separators and gun lockers.  based in calgary, alberta, range mobility has primarily focused on developing their alberta market, but has also made significant strides in securing business across canada. in late 2009, range purchased a new installation shop and office facilities, that significantly improved business operations and the ability to service their customers. the company's current location provides a larger and more efficient work area, including two overhead doors, a fabrication shop, vehicle wash area and improved storage space.  in addition to the manufacturers' warranty, range mobility offers a standard one-year limited warranty on all their completed work. range will always work closely with vehicle operators to determine a convenient time and place for repairs.    125 -- 61st ave se calgary, alberta, canada t2h 0r4 403-730-2130  keywords car gps mounts car lighting installation company vehicle gps tracking computer mounts for vehicles emergency sirens for vehicles truck accessories calgary truck parts calgary auto glass repair calgary emergency alert calgary mobile windshield replacement calgary car gps mounts car lighting installation company vehicle gps tracking computer mounts for vehicles emergency sirens for vehicles truck accessories calgary truck parts calgary auto glass repair calgary emergency alert calgary mobile windshield replacement calgary
pche au brochet voyage de pche avec christian et esther pche au brochet avec esther
canada day parade 2016 - yellowknife nt july 1 2016. canada day parade in yellowknife nt. time: 11 am. canada day parade yellowknife edmonton quebec arctic detah dene aboriginal first nation rcmp awesome extreme viral indian northwest territories
the brent run we tackle the brent run; a 162 km canoe route through algonquin park ontario canada.  for more info. there's a total of 140km of paddling and 20 km of portages. we video most of it. lots of rain and bugs, and bugspray, and bugs. by darren placido and mark highfield.  map credit:  thanks again jeff!  music credits: "distant thunder sunday morning" by springtide available on the free music archive  under cc by licence creativecommons.org/licence  "acoustic blues" by jason shaw available on the free music archive  under cc by licence creativecommons.org/licence  "solo acoustic guitar" by jason shaw available on the free music archive  under cc by licence creativecommons.org/licence  "humm ok" by gable available on the free music archive  under cc by licence creativecommons.org/licence  "acoustic sun" by purple planet available on purple planet  under cc by licence creativecommons.org/licence  "fell asleep under the millions of stars instrumental" by springtide available on the free music archive  under cc by licence creativecommons.org/licence  "victory" by purple planet available on purple planet  under cc by licence creativecommons.org/licence algonquin provincial park (protected site) brent run the brent run brentrun.me canoe trip portaging canoe lake hike outdoors hiking (sport) river camping summer water weekend fun
summer cycling promo throughout much of the world, the bicycle is a main means of transport for goods and for people. however cycling on the canadian prairies can often be a lonely undertaking as westerners continue their love affair with the internal combustion engine. bicycle cycling cycle touring
jared's awesome guitar medley starts out with stairway to heaven then flows into sweet home alabama and finally crazy train!!! all aboard!!!! guitar medley jared hanke solo guitar electric guitar
skydive saskatoon - jake wolstenholme skydivie saskatoon tandem video - jake wolstenholme skydive saskatoon tandem parachute freefall fun exciting adrenalin rush landing
muskrats in wanuskewin heritage park   muskrats wanuskewin pond
9216 92a fort st john bc v1j4p1 - obeo virtual tour 741772   contact: aaron braaten  re/max action realty 1991 inc.  250-793-2229  aaron@abcfsj.com   for more information about this home.  ready for you!  tastefully updated home with concrete foundation. newer windows, siding, flooring, paint and more. updated bathrooms along with in-floor heating makes this a very comfortable choice. step saver kitchen, along with air conditioning keeps th e cool breeze on you and your guests this summer.seperate entry along with r2 zoning allows for rental suite potential. large 50x150 lot fully fenced with double car detached garage. this one may have everything your looking for, for less money than some half v1j4p1 fort_st_john bc aaron_braaten obeo virtualtour home tour realestate 741772
me singing, ill be facebook , fred nisk bloge , more videos hahaha
al jazeera avec pche blanche lac saint-jean une partie de pche blanche au lac saint-jean!  a vous dit? cabane  pche , transport , matriel et service de guide inclus. du 20 dcembre au 31 mars ! notre quipe de guides professionnels et passionns de pche blanche vous invite  une conviviale partie de pche sur la surface glace de l'impressionnant lac saint-jean. vous pourrez y pcher le dor, le brochet, la perchaude ainsi que la truite mouchete (omble de fontaine). al jazeera (tv network)
 -  2014     
dog mushing first time at  harry's first time on a 4 dog team at my friend jimmy's camp canadian husky huskie huskies dog dogs dogteam northern mush musher mushing sled sleds sledding
sasquatch & sapotaweyak  (aboriginal eye witness recalls vividness & shock) at grievous point. (warning:  emotional content)   must hear his story !!! sapotaweyak cree nation manitoba canada (country) sasqautch bigfoot encounter find bigfoot vivid earth bigfoot (film character) swan river swan river (city/town/village) duck mountain provincial park duck mountain provincial park (location) bigfoot non fiction the pas manitoba mafeking mahikeng (city/town/village) ghost eye news laura lora lynn laura lynn loralynn laura lynn mcculloch lauralynn mcccullough
polaris pro rmk 800 polaris pro rmk 800 climbs out of the gulch with ease north summit polaris pro rmk 800 snowmobile snow jump climb mountain newfoundland long range mountains winter winter sports cat ski skiing high speed snowboard snowboarding arctic
aerial: toogood pond toogood pond, unionville ontario, may 2016. music - blizzard by kai engel. filmed with dji phantom 4. dji phantom recordings
coucher de soleil, rimouski coucher de soleil, ville de rimouski (qc), canada  - premire partie dbut septembre 2015 - deuxime partie dbut octobre 2015  musique: uppermost - blame it on love  download new moon ep on itunes:  subscribe to uppermost's channel:       canada (country) rimouski (city/town/village) coucher de soleil sunset qubec (canadian province) goproud (organization) uppermost
algonquin trip 2013: lots of small stuff first video of our first canoe trip! we've laid out all of our new things, figuring out what we're missing, and planning food. canoe camping summer pack
beaches, and beach volleyball at narrows west some of the most beautiful beaches are out at narrows west.  it is a great place to host family gathering, or come get some exercise with some beach volleyball, or just relax in the sun. lake manitoba fun beach volleyball
ranch estates update from narrows west an update on ranch estates development from 2010.  narrows west has a development called ranch estates on which the lots are 1.5 acres to 2 acres, and beautiful.  it is currently still being developed and we like to keep everybody updated as to what is happening in all of our developments areas. narrows west lodge lake manitoba property land for sale property for sale real property
angel bull jigging agel pulling champ jigging   13-17 age group crane river jigging awesome lol angel bull culture native
bloodvein river - #30 round the bend bloodvein river solo 2015   this is a nice rapid, start centre right and move to the left to avoid the obstructions. canoe paddle river rapid portage bloodvein manitoba
bloodvein river - dragging through nutcracker falls bloodvein river solo 2015   quick drag past nutcracker falls through the smaller rl channel.  music: hank williams - time has proven i was wrong ( w curley williams) canoe paddle river rapid manitoba bloodvein
the queen's own cameron highlanders of canada - part 2 the queen's own cameron highlanders of canada at the manitoba parliament courtyard on oct 23, 2010 for a parade commemorating the 100th anniversary of the formation of their winnipeg-based primary reserve infantry regiment. the queen's own cameron highlanders of canada
peche reservoir gouin video de toute les annee passes .wmv les chalets gouins peche reservoir gouin video de toute les annee passes
snapping turtle came home look what came walking down the road. they took thier pond and they needed help finding a new pond to live in turtle snapping turtle common snapping turtle (food) animal (film genre)
canne  pche jouet dora barbie  lac opmiska gros poisson canne  pche jouet dora barbie  lac opmiska qubec (canadian province) chapais (city/town/village) dora canne  pche jouet
cp 8606 at hosmer (26aug2013) canadian pacific 8606, cp 8626, cp 8533 westbound hosmer, british columbia cranbrook subdivision hot box clear signal rtc cb trains passenger scanner google earth foamer photography scenic metal steel summer 2013 ontario canada awesome rare high definition video canon vixia hf g10 avchd hd 1080p georgain bay freight diesel locomotive siding track tunnel conductor engineer detector bridge diamond junction turnout
soire 40e anniversaire une invitation pour tous les employs de barrette-chapais pour clbrer le 40e anniversaire de la compagnie. barrette-chapais 40e party
limberlost ice bar a weekend at limberlost forest reserve north of huntsville with good friends and power toys! rough calculations say we moved between 4000 and 6000 pounds of ice in the process. the conditions were perfect and only stayed that way for a matter of hours literally. the rain water on top of the perfectly smooth ice layer was a once in a lifetime experience. paul took some pictures that can be found at   some spectacular photos he took. limberlost ice bar
venture to haida gwaii in july 2011, venture visited haida gwaii, a group of islands previously called the queen charlottes, north of vancouver island. here we spent time in the uninhabited gwaii haanas national park which is accessible only by boat or float plane. venture to haida gwaii adventure travel fleming motoryacht canada cruising culture nature
tube tycoon live stream let's find out together if i have what it takes to be a successful internetainer!  will i rake in all the subscribers, get all the likes and make the big bunk or will i finish my 'tube career as a penniless failure!?  this should be amusing.  i'm gonna be e-famous, baby!  let's play tube tycoon!  note: this is a beta version of the game.  follow me on twitter and like me on facebook!    there are now two ways you can help support this channel out if you'd like to!  also, thank you so very much!  monthly donations via patreon:  one-time donations via paypal:   join me in the union for gamers!   production music courtesy of epidemic sound:  tube tycoon english download free walkthrough lets play gameplay beta cheats game lp minecraft playthrough playlist review youtube 1 million subscribers live stream april fools funny
roger doing kayak wet exit and re-entry june 6 2012 clam harbor david garlock & roger mainville surf was not around so just playing around kayak wet exit and re-entry
a saturday adventure (panasonic ag-hvx200) i shot this film on the panasonic ag-hvx200. it's a pretty good camera but i prefer the awesome sony pmw-ex1, but its far more expensive. i'm going to be using this camera a lot over the next few months because i can rent them from school whenever i please.  if you have any questions about the video feel free to ask me! send me a message on youtube leave a comment or even like zac peetsma on facebook!  extra tags: panasonic ag-hvx200 footage film digital camera exposure aperture nd filters scene files hd recording video canada alberta  edmonton people parks ducks outdoors explore bridge winter 2012 travel events trees dogs saturday saturday adventure river valley fun fun times cool video cool day river water awesome panasonic ag-hvx200 footage film digital camera exposure aperture nd filters scene files hd recording video canada alberta edmonton people parks ducks outdoors explore high-definition television zac peetsma bird camcorder 720p quality definition 1080p lens
filets de brochets sans arrtes  la faon de ral brochu filets de brochets sans arrtes - faon de ral brochu filet de brochet brochet route de la baie james pike filets sans arretes
nestor falls to fort frances   part 1 an evening flight from nestor falls to fort frances sioux narrows-nestor falls (location) fort frances (city/town/village) zenith stol 750
les 9 frres valle, lac le gardeur,  baie-james, juillet 2011 slide show d'une expdition de pche aux dores au lac le gardeur des 9 frres valle lac legardeur baie-james frres valle
2014 nishiiyuu cultural gathering from mistissini day 1 enjoy the cultural gathering. mistissini quebec (location) cree waskaganish nukun james bay eeyou istchee nukun media
togo, saskatchewan lovely summer's afternoon in togo. togo saskatchewan canada canadian northern railway canadian national railway rural safe clean small town travel toursim
au chute chaudire escapade  la chute chaudire...  voir avant qy'hydro-qubec mette sauvagement la main dessu... au chute chaudire
labrador trapping buddys gary  and darren went wrong way jan 12 breaking for trap line jan. 12 2015 trapping labrador
ski de fond a labrador city bon un rare video de moi en ski de fond et c etais une belle journe labrador ski
obabikon bay ontario  obabikon bay musky walleye ontario resorts
2010 ok tire car and bike show in north bay ontario canada what can i say ?????? its a car show :-)  proceeds went to the food bank . muscle car car muscle show truck motorcycle north bay northbay ontario canada rex4x4 import honda ford gm pontiac ricer jdm nissan mazda harley davidson chopper bobber yamaha kawi kawasaki rz 500 rz500 food bank food bank ok tire rims custom
rc snowmobile skidoo new bright test.first snow with my son. rc snowmobile skidoo new bright test. first snow with my son.rc snowmobile midified brushless 3000 kv,lipo 11.1 v,shock oil filled,suspension modified. rc snowmobile rc snowmobile on water rc snowmobile water skeeping snowmobile new bright rc snowmobile brushless rc snowmobile nitro convertion rc snowmobile brushless convertion rc snowmobile jumping rc snowmobile hill climbing
"parting shots & thoughts" homeport's photos around l'anse au clair, canada (lanse au clair) preview of homeport's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  l'anse amour pictures lanse au loup school lanse au clair rue de l'anse video et images coastal labrador accent st claircanada labrador coast drying cod canada parting shots thoughts l'anse au clair newfoundland and labrador trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
"live on location" (lol) "yellow hook towing" "look what i found" feb17/16  russell collrin yellow hook towing strathmore alberta canada wheatland
cp 3122 at gulliver river (19aug2013) canadian pacific 3122, cefx 1028 eastbound departing ignace the smaller one is an ofsc snowmobile bridge. cp 3122 was heading to bonaire to meet cp 113. ignace, ontario road trip 2013 canada ontario manitoba saskatchewan alberta british columbia united states usa montana north dakota minnesota illinois indiana michigan google earth foamer photography scenic steel awesome rare high definition video hd canon vixia hf g10 avchd hd 1080p georgian bay freight diesel locomotive siding track tunnel conductor
de montral  longue-pointe le trajet qui nous mne de montral  longue-pointe de mingan. baie-comeau chutes manitou minganie tadoussac longue-pointe baleine charlevoix qubec voyage plage traversier beach boat travel road trip
canada- bush road in northern ontario towns are very far apart in northern ontario. it can take hours to travel between them in remote wilderness and see nothing but nature. northern ontario canada boreal forest
valley high trailer straight from the world renowned ottawa river valley, valley high is a totally new type of action film. with segments individually edited by the starring paddlers, valley high showcases some of the ottawa rivers most dominating kayakers on their world-wide travels. from steep creeks, monster surf waves, hair-raising drops, and remote canyons, valley high takes you on a whirlwind ride thats guaranteed to have you itching to get out on the water and giver!    starring:  patrick camblin, tyler curtis, tyler fox, chris gragtmans, joey hitchins, ben marr, david nieuwenhuis, marian saether, kelsey thompson, louise urwin, anthony yap, sam ewing and dan caldwell.    locations;  canada, usa, chile, costa rica, norway, iceland, africa, france, new zealand, argentina and vietnam.    sponsors:  wave sport, level six, h20, shred ready, smith optics, tribe, norway daze, liquid skills    for more information or to purchase valley high visit     teaser whitewater kayak norway iceland freewheel air screw yappa nile special red bull valley high
groundbreaking of telus data centre today, premier christy clark joined telus to break ground on a new internet data centre that will bring more than 200 constructions jobs and up to 75 permanent jobs to kamloops and british columbia. the telus data centre will allow organizations to store their data in what will be one of the most energy-efficient, sustainable and secure facilities of its kind in north america. this $75-million development is being built to leed gold standards and will use up to 80 per cent less power than a typical data centre of its size.  technology is one of the eight key sectors identified in the bc jobs plan. as part of the plan, the b.c. government is growing british columbia's tech sector by opening up new markets for high-tech products and solutions, while creating a positive environment for long-term job growth. over 84,000 british columbians work in the technology industry and jobs in technology are growing twice as fast as overall employment growth in the province.  for more information, please visit:    stay connected:  telus telus data centre kamloops data open data technology infrastrucutre premier clark christy clark jobs economy families leed standards darren entwistle job creation bc jobs plan margaret macdiarmid internet internet speed connection province of bc bc government british columbia
my new friend the barred owl my new friend really loves me. i got a gift from him too. the barred owl barred owl (organism classification) owl (animal) animal (film genre)
man falls in dent rapids man falls in dent rapids and dies man over bord dent island rapids drowning
alpine slide at sugarloaf provincial park coasting down the hill with camera in hand... alpine slide sugarloaf provincial park (location) vacation summer trip fun
episode 21: trucking with sergie dratchev trucking on christmas day (2013) from edmonton to hinton alberta via tch-16. trucking dashcam freight broker trucker careers jobs training self-employed train work employment sergie dratchev canada travel truck-driver landstar immigration usa united states of america (country)
beautiful aubrey falls hwy. 129 this is a great spot to take a hike. it's about 100 kilometres north of thessalon, ontario. the drive there is absolutley pristine as well. beautiful scenic highway 129 aubrey falls waterfall thessalon ontario trail canoe water fall abry blue berry wintergreen cliff cascade stream river lovely beauty gorgeous clean pure pristiness nature creation neyashewun tessalon chapleau dam missisauga
michael dell   simple black leech  northern lights fly tyers tu edmonton nlft fly pattern fly tying
desolation sound sailing, british columbia, canada, september 2016 british columbia, canada, september 2016. sailing trip from comox across strait of georgia to desolation sound and back, 8 days aboard a 41-ft upendo monohull boat. music: "nostalgie du voyage (jazzslider mix)" by vladi strecker and "universal message (cafe ibiza edit)" by fenena garcia mijas sailing (sport) british columbia (canada0 desolation sound
compilation experiment recently i went up to theodosia and grace harbor - i took some video and some pictures and with that i was able to experiment and create this compilation.  credit: sounds to create background music taken from freesound.org oakover theodosia grace harbor sliammon first nation tla'amin culture youth boat tours travel powell river nature water toh kwon_non kah' kay' kay' freesound.org heartbeat enhanced bounce sequence dubstep beat
watch me bleed- scary kids scaring kids lyric video "watch me bleed" by scary kids scaring kids with lyrics. enjoy ;d  if you'd like the sheet music, just leave me your e-mail address. ^-^ sksk scary kids scaring kids watch me bleed piano watch me bleed sheet music
nizoniam25's webcam video  8 juin 2011 13:11 (pdt) nizoniam25's webcam video  8 juin 2011 13:11 (pdt) webcam video nizoniam25
forest fire feu fort forest fire northern quebec, canada... fire was raised by storm lightning.   feu de fort au nord du quebec, canada...le feu a t dclench par la foudre. canadair cl 215 415 aircraft avion pompier hlicoptre garth brooks thunder road
savary island car ferry here is a video of the car ferry that goes from lund over to savary island... i heard that the 15 minute crossing costs $150.00 each way!   not a bad little buisness. i had to reload this video as the hd did not work the first time... sunshine coast the sunshine coast sunshine coast bc powell river bc powell river news powell river videos sony vegas lumix zs10 videos lumix gh2 lumix gh2 videos lumix gh2 test videos lund savary island car ferry car ferry savary ferry
sarah and daddy beach day just a fun day full of activity.. creating memories with my daughter  all songs used in video are either royalty free and/or used with licensed permission  a great source for music (used in this video and many others) is   check his site out! rob crewe 
wilson creek  part 2 no this is not a whitewater baby/cam, its part ii of a  run down my back yard creek in the slocan valley with a camera strapped to my chest.  this is just one of hundreds of rivers and creeks that is facing environmental destruction by private corporations  for hydro development in bc. kayak kootenay bc ece ipp bastards
pemberton music festival 2008 okay, so a refugee-style camp welcome, no showers, overflowing toilets, 4 dollar waters, stupid capacity dj tents...i'm proud to have been part of that. first time they did it here, if it happens next year it's going to be way better. i honestly had one of the most memorable and fun weekends in my life. the music was epic and the group that we got together was amazing.  shot with my lovely waterproof/ bombproof pentax optio w10... pemberton music festival 2008 sam roberts resistance
riding hydro bikes at the pinery very cool hydro bikes in the old ausable channel at pinery provincial park, ontario. hydro bikes water bicycle bike pinery burning babylon
powell river beach feb 21st 2015 what a beautiful day up here in powell river. it was just about warm enough to sun tan.  :) powell river sunshine coast the sunshine coast sunshine coast bc powell river bc powell river news powell river videos sony vegas lumix gh2 lumix gh2 videos lumix gh2 test videos powell river powell river bc powell river beach feb 21 2015 powell river sunny powell river day sony vegas pro (software)
fort good hope, nwt video and still photography of travel to fort good hope, nwt plane mackenzie river cliffs big fort good hope
powell river soap box derby 2016 last three races here are the last three races at the 2016 powell river soap box derby this year.  what a beautiful day for a race! powell river sunshine coast the sunshine coast sunshine coast bc powell river bc powell river news powell river videos sony vegas lumix gh2 lumix gh2 videos lumix gh2 test videos powell river powell river bc gh3 gh3 videos 2016 powell river soap box derby soap box derby powell river powell river race
gambo rattle.mpg jet boating the shallows of gambo pond gambo rattle jet boat aluminium
a liquid life  -sailing offshore in an albin vega watch as this little ship becomes an even smaller spec on the ocean! albin vega vega a liquid life sailing offshore offshore sailing pacific mexico sailing british columbia james howard golden hind golden hind iv
sunglass review - spy nolen polarized my first video on youtube - review of spy nolen polarized sunglasses. enjoy!! sunglasses sunglass spy spy optic nolen polarized shades review eyewear shades spyoptic
canada day powell river willingdon beach chopstixx street percussion band played at the canada day 2011 celebrations at willingdon beach.  band members: jonathan gordon, eli carson, wyatt dunlop, alex bjornson, malcolm mcdonald (wasn't able to make this gig) and our new member zane hernandez.  instructor: andreas david ( street percussion band powell river canada day willingdon beach brooks high school grief point elementary oceanview tourism drums peak music paul cummings roy carson walter martella andreas david blackberry festival
leduc alberta on a frozen day! april-3-2014, 9:15am. i can't resist capturing this magnificent winter scene. while i am very busy taking pictures, i slipped on an icy pavement. luckily my camera didn't break, but got a scratch on it.(sigh!) but it's really worth it leduc (city/town/village) alberta (canadian province) frozen winter canada (country) photography snow ice cold country (musical genre)
[ayla] minecraft - 21 mcmmo excavation levels under 2 minutes boosting mcmmo's excavation skill can be fast with a good enchant on shovel and a desert.  level 69 to 90 under 2 minutes. using a efficiency 4 shovel.  minecraft 1.7.5 on craftbukkit with mcmmo plugin. ayla minecraft (award-winning work) mcmmo enchant excavation ayla.quebec minecraft ayla.quebec gaming
the love uprising homepage video - chris madsen this is the welcome and description video for the website the love uprising. chris madsen speaks about the vision for the new earth.  the new earth love uprising chris madsen awakening heart spiritual vision
squamish mamquam river fsr trail loop  squamish (city/town/village) dashware atv polaris xp550
the nissan titan warrior the nissan titan: warrior! the warrior uses a cummins, 5.0l, v8, turbo diesel engine and the heavy-duty, 6-speed aisin automatic transmission. the warrior has replaced the standard suspension with custom upper and lower control arms with performance ball joints. it also has internal bypass reservoir coil-over shocks with custom reservoir mounts and tie-rod extensions. it has roof-mounted led off-road lights.  sexy, new led headlights.   the warriors rear bumper has quad exhaust outlets.  oh, and the center console has heated and cooled cupholders. enjoy! msrp to be announced. nissan titan concept nissan warrior nissan titan warrior 2017 nissan titan 2017 titan nissan titan
port rowan, ontario a late autumn flight over port rowan, ontario. port rowan harbour drone phantom vision ontario lake erie
pacific white sided dolphins near powell river, bc, canada a pod of perhaps 100 of pacific white sided dolphins was observed a short distance from the harbour in powell river. after the boat was stopped the dolphins changed course towards the boat, and swam past it or under it. in the background you can hear the texada island ferry approaching and then slowing on its approach to the ferry terminal. dolphins powell river
construction - for all you construction enthusists - crane lifting concrete. construction - for all you construction enthusists - crane lifting concrete. construction crane concrete lifting building.
diy snowshoe pulk sled diy snowshoe pulk, otter mini pro sled, 1/2" pvc poles diy snowshoe pulk snowshoe sled otter mini pro sled snowshoe
kamloops - where people come to play!! it's british columbias time to shine  and kamloops is the place in the sun.  where people come to play in a community thats stronger and better than ever before.  where there's a shared vision to leave a legacy of sport, education, culture and community of the best bc has to offer.    in kamloops - the place in the sun! kamloops video communication solutions sharon stevens wendy heshka solution group sport gamestown 2010 olympic paralympic marketing best community british columbia bc warm sunny affordable skiing hiking active healthy clean safe
cloud suck at coopers big lift under a growing cloud. maxing out at 8.5 m/s. i had to bail before being swallowed. terry paragliding lumby
dance attack on a log michael martin dancing. on a log.  like and share is you enjoyed this video. dancing: michael martin directed and filmed by bennett schnurr mike dancing dance log river waterfall adventure fun funny scenic music
ms mountain bike tour 2015 two days of mountain biking in hinton alberta in september 2015 to raise money for the multiple sclerosis society of canada as seen through my eyes. mtb mountain biking hinton ms bike tour ms bike tour multiple sclerosis alberta gopro
coot2010 although she was trained for retriever trials coot is turning out to be a great duck dog. hunting gun outdoors duck mallard retriever
first time out on the honda foreman 450 (finally!) first time out with the honda foreman... and first time through water and mud. out on  the sequin trail/park-to-park trail between parry sound and orrville.  commentary by dave f. atv seguin trail honda honda foreman parry sound orrville mudding trail riding off-roading honda atv four wheeling four wheeler
feh - voting deception help the truth tour :   **please read our rules before posting a comment, we do not hide the fact we delete comments! we don't have time to argue with those that want to muddy the water, we are about the truth, like it or not!    god bless flat earth feh voting
bromley rock july 2013 i have loved bromley rock since i was a kid.  i have never had the guts to jump off of the top of the rock.  a quick tip, in the summer on the weekends the parking lot can be full, you can park there on the north side right off of the old hedley road  -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- please watch: "fort mcmurray as seen from the airport webcam may 4th 2016"   -~-~~-~~~-~~-~- bromley rock provincial park (location) hedley british columbia (city/town/village) british columbia (canadian province) daniel von schulmann max von schulmann princeton (city/town/village)
gopro: float planes! (dji phantom 2 h3-3d) ~michael harapiak~ watch in 1080p if doesn't work on phone/tablet try on a computer twitter-harapiak9 song-"feel so close" by calvin harris (google play  itunes) song link- gopro hero 4 black like and sub for more floatplane aircraft (type of fictional setting) dji phantom gopro (award-winning work) unmanned aerial vehicle (aircraft type)
copper river motel - hotel in terrace (british columbia), canada more pictures and reviews here:  this motel in terrace, british columbia is located off highway 16 and overlooks the skeena river. it offers an on-site general store and prep-house, free wi-fi and rooms with a gas fireplace.  fr: surplombant le fleuve skeena, le copper river motel est situ en colombie-britannique,  proximit de l'autoroute 16.  es: este motel se encuentra en terrace, columbia britnica, junto a la carretera 16. ofrece vistas al ro skeena, tienda, casa prefabricada, conexin wi-fi gratuita y habitaciones con chimenea a gas.  de: in terrace in british columbia liegt dieses motel nahe dem highway 16 und blickt auf den skeena river. vor ort finden sie einen kleinen supermarkt, kostenloses wlan sowie zimmer mit gaskamin.  zh: british columbiaterracehighway 16skeena river  motel copper river  copper river motel ...  ru:            ( ),     16.    -         ,         wi-fi .  no: copper river motel ligger ved highway 16 i byen terrace, og tilbyr utsikt over elven skeena, en egen landhandel, gratis wi-fi og rom med gasspeis. copper river motel terrace (british columbia) hotels terrace (british columbia) accommodation terrace (british columbia) hostels terrace (british columbia) apartments terrace (british columbia) city break terrace (british columbia) food terrace (british columbia) places to see terrace (british columbia) city terrace (british columbia) tourist attractions visit terrace (british columbia) - ca terrace (british columbia) highlights
bsa troop 288 - northern tier trip 2010   northern tier 0001
atikokan sno-ho circle tour part 3 of 4 atikokan sno-ho circle tour part 3 of 4  visit:  for more information. atikokan snoho sno-ho circle tour snowmobile skidoo
come fly with me... windy as heck at talus ridge, but a blast was had, none the less! follow me on a day of flying, from start to finish.   thanks to kyle for showing up with his dirt bike, and for allowing me to film him for my video. much appreciated! fpv quad quadcopter multirotor mini zmr kelowna talus ridge okanagan racing gopro
slow cooker outside round roast with asparagus and potatoes. supper roast beef slow cooker (culinary tool) gravy (food) asparagus (food)
arrowhead park skating trail the skating trail at arrowhead park huntsville ontario is quickly becoming very popular with locals and visitors alike. park staff figured out how to make a summer road into a perfect ice surface, i think they actually use a zamboni on this 1.5km trail. i put this montage together after spending a wonderful sunny day at the park. trail arrowhead park huntsville skating trail skating
gopro hero4 ultrahd - ziptrek zipline fun whistler, british columbia in ultrahd gopro hero4 order & info -   the gopro 4 is the latest gopro camera.  for everyone not already familiar with gopro, a gopro is an action camera that will mount to almost anything.  a gopro camera creates a video experience where you feel like you are right there with the action that is being filmed with the gopro.  the gopro 4 comes in three different models.  the gopro hero4 black films 4k video at 30fps and 1080p hd video at 120fps.  the gopro hero4 silver films 1080p video at 60fps.  the least expensive gopro 4 (simply called "hero") still films at an impressive 1080p 30fps.  one of the best things about gopro is that as they release newer gopro camera models, most all of the gopro mounts that one already owns will likely continue to work.  this makes upgrading to the latest gopro camera model both smart and less of a financial burden.  please share and be sure to subscribe to irixguy's adventure channel ( and enjoy all of my other gopro four videos too!  filmed with gopro hero4 black in 4k ultrahd.  contains royalty-free music from youtube content creator audio library.  shop irixguy's adventure channel merchandise and join us on other social media too, by visiting the links below:  irixguy's website -  shop merchandise -  facebook -  pinterest -  twitter -  google + -  ziptrek zip line whistler gopro (award-winning work) ultra high definition television (employer) whistler (city/town/village) whistler-blackcomb (ski area) 4k resolution gopro zipline 4k zipline ultrahd zipline zipline zip line hero4 black zipline zipline videos british columbia (canadian province) british columbia zipline canada (country) irixguy zipline
speedwrap kwik bandit kwik bandit is a new, patent-pending line of reusable, rubber straps and tie down fasteners. with kwik bandit straps users simply stretch, wrap and lock objects together for an extra secure hold. developed in canada for safety-conscious users in the oil, gas and transportation industries, the product is now available to end users, distributors and retailers in the united states and mexico.    kwik bandit straps are reusable and robust, serving as a complimentary product line to speedtechs speedwrap brand hook and loop fasteners.   as the exclusive master distributor for the united states and mexico, speedtech is looking for qualified industrial and retail distribution partners for the kwik bandit product line.   what makes kwik bandit so unique?    kwik bandit reusable straps are ideal for securing loads, organizing cables, cords and hoses, managing electrical wires and much more. made from an extremely durable compound, kwik bandit products also feature pre-set locking locations to accommodate a wide range of banding and bundling applications. the kwik bandit line is sold in a variety of sizes, covering a range of tensile strengths. several of the straps are offered with a lock pin for the safety conscious consumer.  fasteners and user safety concerns:   when safety is a concern, kwik bandit products out-perform many bungee cords and elastic straps with metal hooks. the metal-ended, elastic tie downs often store energy and are prone to a snap back, which can be both unpredictable and dangerous. osha and other agencies have begun evaluating the potential harm presented by bungee cords and other stretchy fasteners that include metal hooks. to learn more about the safety implications when using kwik bandits vs alternative solutions, visit  today.  about speedtech international:  founded in 1994, speedtech pioneered the development of unique fasteners for use in cord and cable management. centrally located in the united states, speedtech is a growing, customer-centric company with iso 9001:2008 certified quality systems and sells domestically and internationally.  speedtech supports both the consumer and industrial marketplace, selling product directly to consumers and oems as well as through authorized distributors and retailers.   for more information about the new line of kwik bandit fasteners, including how to become a kwik bandit distributor or retailer, contact speedtech international today at   email us at sales@speedtechinternationalcom  or call 1-800-771-3896. speedwrap kwik bandit kwik bandit straps bungee cords speedtech international kwik bandit inc safe rubber straps elastic straps elastic fasteners tie down fasteners tie downs material-handling equipment (industry) cord and cable management rubber straps
     - pei garden       2016                        
 5 year old gives mum jewelry! | the north life    5 year old gives mum jewelry! oliver is the sweetest boy!  - find us on social media -   instagram:    twitter:    laurel's booktube channel:   - featured music - tattooed parents toronto dog daily vlogs blue jays canadian vloggers scouts canada arthritis canada pug the north life andrew mcmahon in the wildnerness mum of boys ontario canada andrew mcmahon toronto blue jays dad of boys fibromyalgia babywearing family vlogs small town life vlog beaver scouts french immersion fire escape life with boys toddler wearing
lama au galerie de la cap lama is a genus containing two south american camelids, the wild guanaco and the domesticated llama. this genus is closely allied to the wild vicua and domesticated alpaca of the genus vicugna. before the spanish conquest of the americas, llamas and alpacas were the only domesticated ungulates of the continent. they were kept not only for their value as beasts of burden, but also for their flesh, hides, and wool. trois rivires cap de la madeleine lama poulet qubec canada
what a view! geocaching and the mossy cabin what a view!  eau claire gorge near mattawa river ontario canada  l'auberge des pioneers cabin rentals.  subscribe to my new channels! honest abe's reviews -  mudrfunr's kitchen -  geocaching (hobby) what a view eau claire gorge mattawa river mattawa hwy 17 northern ontario ontario (canadian province) canada (country) hike hiking climbing woods eau claire river (river) fun cabin mossy moss
go time.. sled kelowna fun in the hills  north west greystokes educational video, topography demonstration of the north west greystokes sledding snowmobiling snomobiling in kelowna sledding kelowna skidoo ski-doo ski doo snowmobiling in the greystokes greystokes sled sled kelowna educational
westsail 32 sailing downwind with spinnaker on nippigon bay and capehorn wind vane steering shot from ratlines, w32 "neverland" sailing downwind with asym spinnaker in light wind on nippigon bay, on, capehorn wind vane steering. westsail 32 capehorn wind vane nippigon bay
"action on the columbia" a 1965 bc hydro film about the columbia river project on sept. 16, 1964, canadian prime minister lester b. pearson, b.c. premier w.a.c. bennett, and u.s. president lyndon b. johnson ratified an international agreement between canada and the united states known as the columbia river treaty to guide the management of water resources of the columbia river basin, provide economic development and help prevent major floods. action on the columbia was made by the information services of british columbia hydro and power authority to convey the benefits and effects of the columbia river treaty to the people of british columbia. the film features spectacular aerial views of the upper columbia river before the dams went in. in honor of the 50th anniversary of its signing, bc hydro permitted bpa to include the film in this collection. the digital transfer was made from an original 16 mm color film print.  learn about other bpa films at:    bc hydro 1965 columbia river columbia river project dam hydro electric power big bend revelstoke arrow lakes mica dam revelstoke dam keenleyside dam brilliant dam duncan dam
ice dive at white star quarry february 2008 this is a video of ice diving at white star quarry, a popular scuba diving spot in northwest ohio. it was taken over the first weekend in february 08. if you are a scuba diver you should check out  this place is fantastic, with incredible visibilities and lots to see underwater.     the video was shot under the ice in cold conditions.  the divers are greg murphy, patrix heschel, the divers from ta dive club in columbus, and videographer, rich synowiec. tenders were rod althaus, patrix and dave gwinn.  it was produced using windows movie maker and i know the sound is all jacked... even though i paid for the rights to use the music i originally had, the youtube antipiracy software keeps rejecting it. so i had to audio swap.... i am going to have to redo the video when i have a spare moment.     check out all our posts to youtube, and let us know what you think. you can also check my websites at       (less) adventure nature destination events ice diving open water scuba overhead divers incorporated ohio diving winter
the 4k action vr & 360 sharing camera the 4k action vr & 360 sharing camera  an action packed livestreaming 360 panoramic camera that can be viewed by vr goggles or ultrahd tv  take amazing 4k detailed pictures and share instantly on social media.  capture breathtaking 4k ultra hd video memories of your life and enjoy full immersion viewing. go virtual reality and watch with your vr goggles.   edit a movie in many compatible software to show your audience only the angles you want them to see. livestream directly in 360-degree to many popular apps. share to sites like facebook and youtube in 360!  more info about product:   .......................................................................................................... please help to follow us on: twitter :                      facebook page:        g+ page:                    youtube channel:    360 camera camera 360 4k vr 360 panoramic camera goggles ultrahd tv ultrahd tv pictures breathtaking hd video goggles software audience angles livestream facebook youtube 360 video vr technology technology tech tech smart smarts innovation invention innovations inventions
gimli ridge and mulvey basin, valhalla provincial park looking down into mulvey basin. hiking scrambling climbing mountain climbing mountains gimli ridge mulvey basin mulvey lake valhalla provincial park gimli peak mount gimli mountain ridge british columbia bc canada outdoors nature mountain lakes mountain scenery alpine alpine views canadian mountains selkirks selkirk mountains slocan winlaw nelson nelson bc nelson british columbia kootenays west kootenays midgard peak asgard peak gladsheim peak canada beauty beautiful canada
peter cameronon-inglis - what is a shortcut video? peter cameronon-inglis talks about how shortcut videos are different from your traditional video advertisement, commercial or online video. mastermind studios video production canada peter cameronon-inglis online video short cuts (film) authentic engaging interview advertisment kamloops social media e-mail delivery really simple long form authenticity (musical album) really authentic
skymotion video - newfoundland canada 2012 skymotion video had the absolute privilege to be part of the 2012 crew for the newfoundland and labrador tourism commercial. to be clear, this video is not the newfoundland and labrador tourism commercial, but rather a collection of some of our favorite shots from the shoot which made use of skymotion video's unique remote-contolled heli-cam technology.  the most challenging part of the shoot was definitely the sequence with the two characters in the boat. to accomplish these pre-dawn shots out in open water, the team had to operate from a second boat which followed. a special 8' x 8' landing pad was constructed at the back end of the vessel, and from here the team had to take off, fly out to get the shots, and then land - all while moving along the coast-line. despite the back and forth movement, the tight landing space, and the need to continually match boat speeds, the maneuvers went extremely smoothly, and the results surely speak for themselves.  skymotion video is a canadian based video company specializing in low altitude aerial cinematography, and photography, using state-of-the-art remote-controlled helicopter (or multicopter drone) technologies. the team provides service locally in toronto, montreal, quebec city, and travels throughout canada and around the world to offer the very best in aerial video services.  visit  to learn more. aerial video services tourism commercial rc helicopter skyjib octocopter helicam aerial cinematography sky motion video drone video service aerial photography services toronto montreal quebec city vancouver st. john's newfoundland calgary
mount kent north a very, very,very windy descent from mount kent north. wind ridge windy snowshoeing scrambling hiking
if you love the duck videos you'll like this important message #87 raising ducks day 86 today is a major technology step forward for our duck adventure on youtube, i'm really excited.  i've got lots of work ahead of me the next 6-7 weeks getting every thing set up for this new chapter in our duck adventure on youtube.   we are shooting for a target date of dec 1, 2013 for the new duck show, this winter is going to be so much fun with the ducks. duck show live duck show live streaming stream ducks live streaming live on youtube duck (organism classification) bird raising ducks ducklings white pekin ducklings white pekin duck duck water fowl waterfowl raising ducklings free range ducks organic ducks organic duck meat duck adorable cute pekin duck (animal breed) muscovy duck (organism classification) duck lake adventure
3040 cnc - unboxing and discussion part 1 of 2! please visit  for more information on this and many other projects!  as in this episode, we will be unboxing the new ebay 3040 cnc router from china we got in as its an amazing device with 800watt water cooled spindle and a 4th axis which make for some interesting experiments!   correction: i state in the video the 800watt spindle has 1/8th inch chuck, it is actually 1/4 inch.  for more info and to get your own 3040 cnc:   follow us on instagram:   subscribe to the diy3dtech youtube channel:   subscribe to the diy3dtech openscad channel:   if you're looking for looking 3d printer, laser cutter and cnc swag (t-shirts, hats, mugs, etc), please support the channel by visiting our online shop at:  cnc cutting grbl ugs linuxcnc marlin makerbot qu-bd tinyg mach3 gcode diy3dtech.com davinci printing probotix xcarve shapoko 3040 cnc ebay 3040 cnc router
kaiden ez ski 1 kaiden trying out the klassen's ez ski okanagan family boating
introduction to landscape photography part 1.mp4 learn some great landscape photography tips; using neutral density filters, composition, using and choosing tripods and much more! landscape photography nature photography
capilano river capilano june 2010 capilano river 2010
mark's room  bedroom (film) house
reo rafting - fraser river float trip bc the fraser river scenic float near vancouver bc canada is a gentle float (class 1-2 rapids) through one of british columbia's most historic areas. this trip is ideal for children, families, and corporate team building. the trip begins upstream from the spectacular confluence of the nahatlatch and fraser rivers near boston bar bc. this trip features stunning mountain peaks, pine & fir forests, canyon walls, waterfalls and wildlife.      the raft float is a popular club reo activity and a perfect addition to any adventure vacation. families, youth groups, and corporations enjoy the float trip as it can be shared by all ages, and does not require previous experience. the scenic float trip is an excellent experiential adventure activity with educational and historical features.     rafting white water whitewater fraser river nahatlatch bc british columbia reo vancouver lytton seattle whistler
he biked his sculpture through yellowknife's midnight sun have you ever just wanted to get on a bike and ride far away? that's what landscape architect robert cram did on his way to the banff centre. he biked from yellowknife to banff, carrying his art piece, "a combination of common causes." each time he stopped, he set it up and documented its deterioration in the different landscapes he encountered along the way. the result is haunting and beautiful.  robert cram was a participant in the visual + digital arts residency blueprint for happiness in 2015.     follow the banff centre: website:  facebook:  twitter:  itunes:  soundcloud:  banff (city/town/village) banff centre (venue) yellowknife (city/town/village) cycling (interest) bike sculpture (visual art form) robert cram landscape architecture (industry) landscape architect (profession) canada (country) landscape art (art period/movement) mountain ride bicycle (product category) biking
amazing insect defies freezing temperatures! this is a species of wingless crane fly chionea that can be seen during the winter at about 32f or 0 c.  i found this crane fly in a ski track in banff national park. the insect has a natural "anti-freeze like substance in its systm to avoid freezing, which is why it walks so slowly.  if it is jolted or disturbed, it will "freeze" up. anti-freeze winter cold insects crane fly freezing survival winter survival canada banff national park skiing cross country skiing bugs
aviso importante em quebec city | tudo sobre canada  inscreva-se no canal pra ficar por dentro de tudo:   compartilhe o vdeo no seu facebook:   facebook:   instagram:   twitter:   pablo  instagram:   facebook:   twitter:   malu  instagram:   facebook:   twitter:   introduo criada por guilherme salles: gsalles.contato@gmail.com msica: this could be our final - stefan netsman  curtiu? no esquece de deixar aquele like bonito e se inscrever! tudo sobre canada canada canad brasileiros no canada brasil winnipeg toronto vancouver calgary ottawa montreal imigrar turismo turista vida no canada role canadense role do dia vlog broadbandtv bbtv aviso importante quebec city quebec brasileiros em quebec brasileiros em toronto
grizzly bear family - british columbia (canada) we met these grizzlies on our way to whitehorse on the cassiar highway in the middle of nowhere... grizzly bear family
almonte, mississippi river - ontario almonte is a community of about 5,000 people, situated 50 kilometers from ottawa. almonte straddles the banks of canada's mississippi river, which flows into the ottawa river. the mississippi river passes through almonte in a series of waterfalls and rapids which attracted millers to the area in the early 19th century.  ontario (canadian province) mississippi river almonte (city/town/village) ottawa (city/town/village) lanark county (administrative division) canada (country) rapids waterfalls ottawa river (river) mississippi mills (city/town/village)
bishop grandin marching ghosts award ceremony   bishop grandin marching ghosts catholic band trumpet trombone tuba flute clarinet play marching band (musical genre) calgary stampede 2010 winners grand champion
orcas, beach rubbing 1998, malcolm island bc these whales arrived at bere point from aprox.1 mile offshore. they ended up coming straight at me perched on a log. a very close encounter with the b7 matriline, of the northern resident community fo orca on the bc coast. orca whales approaching and beach rubbing 1998
cantosh kayak -2  can kayak
my twin shows up   seasoning pork cooking steak bbq smoked meat jerky twerk food kitchen recipe how to review hack awesome epic headshot
criticalpower2 1000 meter sprints 4 minute, 11 second 1000 meter sprints with the 24 hour record human powered boat critical power 2. recumbent human power pedal boat kayak surfski cycling powered
flint wilderness resort jet boat building a jet boat to maintain the flint wilderness resort outpost. jet boat 2012
black river washago in november hd join kevin leatherdale and me as we ride the black river near washago in november. first snow fall of the year. five hours reduced to 10 minutes. black river washago winter paddle canoe paddling snow kayak water rafting (sport) river (geographical feature category) ice
stand up paddleboarding sup in kingston, ontario, canada this was our first attempt at going stand up paddleboarding - or sup! we paddled along the harbor of kingston, ontario, canada (the great waterway) along the st. lawrence river. it was a lot of fun and we hope to try it again sometime!  subscribe to our channel:    visit our travel blog:    follow justin plus lauren! like us on facebook:  follow us on twitter:  watch our snapchats:  follow us on instagram:  check us out on pinterest:  standup paddleboarding (sport) paddleboarding (sport) canada kingston (city/town/village) ontario (canadian province) saint lawrence river (river) harbor lake travel tourism water activity sport
into honey harbour heading into honey harbour on day #3 of our 2009 holidays. almost looks like blue sky waaaaaaaaaaay off in the distance :-) honey harbour georgian bay boating
cronin pass 2013 short video of jackie and i mountain biking in cronin pass near smithers bc. nothin fancy, shot on our cell phone. stunning scenery! mountain biking smithers cronin pass babine bulkley valley bike 2xnomad bc backcountry mtb farwell canyon 7 day chilcotin mtb (part 1) 7 day chilcotin mtb (part 2)
arctic watch: kayak the cunningham river while at the arctic watch lodge, kayak the cunningham river on somerset island arctic watch lodge kayak cunningham river somerset island
new computers! game dev tycoon #5 we get a pretty good upgrade now that the office is full of staff. with these new computers i am 100% certain my game making skills will become the best.  download here:   twitch:   twitter:   facebook:  volatileexplosion game dev tycoon game dev tycoon playthrough game dev tycoon gameplay game dev tycoon walkthrough making amazing games making the perfect game game dev tycoon new computers new computers how to play game dev tycoon gaming pc download link videogame dev videogame making games best game dev
bow river flooding 2013 bow river @ glenmore trail and deerfoot calgary floods 2013
1.11 enderman xp farm! (tutorial) hey guys! today i'm building an enderman exp farm this design is really efficient and it works in 1.11, 1.10, and 1.9. i hope you enjoy this video!  music: itty bitty 8 bit by kevin macleod is licensed under a creative commons attribution license ( source:  artist:   twitter: @davethecarrot_ minecraft lets play hello poop hi survival minecraftletsplay dave the carrot davethecarrot enderman expfarm exp xp farm toutorial minecraft minecraft toutorial pooh xisumavoid mumbo jumbo mumbo jumbo
buffalo pound 2010 downhill race buffalo pound downhill race, a series of three different runs- [ jack the ripper, heaven, roots ] great little race series put on by the south saskatchewan mountain bike club in september 2010. cloud cloud 9 cyclery buffalo pound downhill race jack the ripper heaven roots south saskatchewan mountain bike club september 2010 ride biking canada riding bicycle cycling (sport) trail
hohn hohn hohn can i see that? summer 2010 derek trudeau, ronny plamondon, jamie suppes, kyle desjarlais, fivedollarballers winnipeg skateboarding
st. peter's marina st. peter's lions club marina cape breton, ns dji phantom cape breton nova scotia marina travel bras d'or lake
bone creek bc beautiful day at bone creek bc just north of blue river. a few minutes later we got scared off by a grizzly. see our next video for that one bone creek bc beautiful day at just north of blue river. few minutes later we got scared off by grizzly. see our next video for that one outdoors
swift current & area news - march 17, 2015  covering the local news of swift current and southwest saskatchewan. in this episode of southwest tv news;  cypress health regions projects update  the cypress health region is busy with a number of major projects across the southwest with maple creeks new integrated facility set to open this summer.  chamber of commerce optimistic for swift current economy  the swift current chamber of commerce is anticipating a positive future for the local economy and continued population growth.  spring street maintenance underway  spring is here and so are the potholes with city crews starting to tackle the task at hand.  trusted news personality carol andrews has anchored southwest tv news for 8 years providing local news and information from across southwest saskatchewan including the communities of eastend, gravelbourg, herbert, kyle, leader, maple creek, morse, shaunavon, swift current and val marie. our programming is available at  and on sasktel max local on demand channel 48. carol andrews mylocaltv.ca beth vachon cypress health region maple creek darla lindbjerg stu dyrland dan johnson swift current chamber of commerce. greg parsons city of swift current. street cleaning potholes
greenland dogs of qaanaaq six days dogsledge tour in the qaanaaq district, northern greenland, in april 2010. greenland qaanaaq dog sledge sled dogsledge sledgedog sleddog avi grnland grnlandhund hundeschlitten schlittenhund thule
kananaskis alberta wildlife images july 2015 spot the bobcat and see two families of deer in our yard, one with 3 fauns, one with two.  see the visiting bull moose and slow motion bees. finally, a beaver on the night shift felling a tree for his dam. bushnell trail camera and jvc hd camcorder for bull moose and bees. see other wildlife videos here:  bragg creek trail cam camera wildlife photos video moose bobcat bees slow motion bambi animal (film genre) photograph (media genre)
westjet 737 takeoff from calgary international airport october 24, 2015.  flight: calgary to los angeles. deekie watson deekie13 richard william deekiew boeing 737 calgary airport westjet (airline) boeing 737 (aircraft model) calgary international airport (airport) takeoff canada airplane plane airline (industry)
arctic adventures  arctic adventures
normal micro battles with no click bait ;) ft. thefoxrecordz and neoblue32 thefoxrecordz's channel:   neoblue32's channel:  anyways this was just a basic minigames with nothing special but it matters, trust me. ;) :0 ;) winky face war lord pewdiepie thefoxrecordz neoblue32 micro battles none clickbait none click bait none clickbait none clickbait minigames anti click bait!!!!!!!!!!!!!1 red shep yolo sheep mg master ov there are to many things on this vid randompieninja poop
st. anthony, newfoundland st. anthony, newfoundland, labrador, st. anthony newfoundland labrador st. john's marystown burin epworth mark roberts
river run aug14 2016 a local tubing adventure in port alberni bc. it takes about 4hrs with a few stops for breaks and soak in the scenery from the rifle range to paper mill dam. it can also be started at the bottom of the stamp falls provincial park. this is about 5hrs with stops. my advice is to get truck inner tubes as they are more durable and will not puncture from a small bump against a stick or sharp rock. bring water to drink as you may not want to drink the river water. if you bring beverages of a different nature please take your empties with you. a small mesh bag to tie to your tube works to collect the cans. the kids walk on the bottom so please no glass containers. this is our first time bringing the kids. we have done this run at least 50 times probably more and it never gets old. hope you enjoy. stamp falls somass river stamp river sproat lake sproat river river run port alberni papermill dam gopro selfie stick family adventure things to do camping summer beach tofino
johnny b. goode (fekete 40th anniversary concert) the last beer performing "johnny b. goode" at the 40th anniversary concert for fekete associates in calgary. johnny b. goode classic rock cover band fekete the last beer
drone view of hopewell rocks, new brunswick hopewell rocks, new brunswick as seen from above. drone hopewell rocks bay of fundy flower pots
great grey owl great grey owl - timmins ontario - winter 2006 great grey owl birds of prey owls birds hoot hooting
"a visit to eagle from chicken" 2jgstl's photos around eagle, united states (old courthouse) preview of 2jgstl's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  chicken eagle alaska eagle alaska picture of chicken and eagle photos of eagle and chicken eagle chicken detail map old courthouse visit eagle from chicken alaska united states trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
red deer river at bleriot ferry (mvi 8678)  bleriot ferry red deer river (river)
dscf2502.avi un glacier qui se fracasse au large du nunavut.  j'ai filmer ce glacier au large du nunavut, aprs avoir entendu celui si craquer  deux trois reprises, je me suis bien douter que quelque chose allais ce passer, on peut dire que j'tais  la bonne place au bon moment, j'tais  bord d'un bateau de pche dons l'espce viser est le fltan du groenland, le glacier tais a 1.2 miles nautiques de nous, c'est  dire  2.2 km, le glacier tait environ 150 pieds ou plus de hauteur. les glaciers son en eau saler 1/8 hors de l'eau et le 7/8 sous l'eau, c'est pas un petit glacier qui c'est fracasser sous nous yeux. ca t pour moi une trs belle exprience que je suis pas prs de revoir d'aussitt. dscf2502
dash switches hill brake traction control a volvo rvhauler training video gregg from rvhaulers gives a tour of the dash switches in one of his rvhaulers designed to tow very large recreational 5th wheel trailers.  gregg also shows off some of the hill assist, and traction control features in these volvo heavy duty trucks.   hill assist traction control volvo training volvo vnl training
rvhaulers delivery of micah first trailer pull tom takes his 5th wheel rv for the first pull with his new rvhauler.   rvhaulers
biking to work through the city of calgary im riding my bike down from glenbrook straight in to the heart of downtown, im riding a single speed chopper style bike with 6 foot ape hangars. i velcro'd the camera to my handlebars and off i went!! bikeriding calgary downtown rpnsp 2006 alberta canada cyclist bike path
manitoba the land that wasn't a group of friends and i have been debating the existence of manitoba for a number of years.  when i finally had the chance to go across canada over land, i knew i had to discover if manitoba really wasn't.... manitoba travel canada black hole comedy rideshare
rvhaulers delivery of micah part 2 - toms first impressions this striking rvhauler has arrived in washington, and watch tom's first impressions, and first drive in his new rig.  this heavy duty truck hdt has been singled to one rear axle, and has a deck/bed installed designed to carry a smart car, plus tow the largest of 5th wheel rv trailers.  for more information, see  rvhauler mdt alternative hdt singling smart car smart car deck smart car bed volvo 780 d16 ishift i shift transmission
inspirational - how lord jesus saved her! must watch. very inspirational, all praise, glory and honor to lord jesus!       matt. lord jesus christ miracle inspirational motivational christian angel heaven hell testimony saved school shooting true
an algonquin beaver pond ( beaver ponds are one of the five major habitat types in algonquin provincial park.  beavers (castor canadensis) build dams, lodges and food piles creating suitable habitat for a variety for animals and plants.  without beavers in algonquin park, the park as a whole would be a less diverse area.  learn more about beavers by walking the beaver pond trail at km 45.3 of highway 60 and see scenes like this for yourself. learn more about algonquin park at  video by lycaon productions. algonquin provincial park beaver pond castor canadensis environment
first flight outdoors first flight with my new inspire drone, over iroquois falls, ontario. forgt to put it in flight mode, so you will see some props. drone iroquois fa inspire 1 aerial photography quadcopter
yellowknife rentals - sunridge place bachelor, 1, 2 and 3 bedroom apartments beautifully renovated bachelor, 1, 2 and 3 bedroom apartments for rent in yellowknife. located in a quiet, residential area, these apartments are ideal for singles, students and small families. on-site laundry and extra-large balconies ensure you'll be right at home here.  call npr today 867-446-2385 or 867-445-1993  yellowknife apartments for rent for lease rentals
job heating and air conditioning saskatoon your trusted saskatoon heating & cooling professionls meet the job  heating and air team in this video about them, their services and what makes them different!  so if your air conditioner is making funny noises, your furnace is all blown out and you get icicles on your nose then go call the crew over at j.o.b. heating & air conditioning today.  job products and services:  furnaces boilers plumbing air conditioners water heaters gas lines garage heaters   j.o.b. heating & air conditioning  are trusted saskatoon air conditioning &  furnace experts saskatoon yxe plumbers furnace furnace repair furnace sales trustedsaskatoon trusted saskatoon boilers video
nl word challenge - moryeen comedian paul warford cracks open the dictionary of newfoundland english and hits the streets of st. john's to find out just how many of those words we really know!   subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here.  watch more newfoundland comedy here: [  subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador cbc nl news comedy words newfoundland english paul warford moryeen
inukpak outfitting :from canoe and kayak magazine "may 2012 north issue" inukpak outfitting participated in a short clip/interview for canoe and kayak magazine (in us). posted on their web site in may 2012.  inukpak outfitting a particip  un court entrevue afin de raliser se court clip pour le magazine canoe and kayak (us). premire parution sur leur site internet en mai 2012.   nunavut inukpak outfitting iqaluit north kayak canada canoe magazine nord arctic arctique ple nord north pole louis-philip pothier pothier frobisher bay baffin terre de baffin baffin island.
why visit a boat show? canadian boating guy (english) canadian boating guy - why visit a boat show? (english)  for more canadian videos and information, visit  boat boating boaters buying show fish fishing how to shop canadian guy discover boating canada discover boating nmma certified transport canada boat shows why visit a boat show
transwest air 2010 la ronge 10 years party transwest air la ronge transwest air la ronge lavalleer victoriaville saskatoon carnival fiesta boats
ironworker school local 771  ironworker school local771
swan river ctv commerical here is our 15 second commercial that is appearing on ctv right now! ctv television network (tv network)
grizzlies at haines junction may 2009. the rain had just cleared. heading into our overnight stop in haines junction on the alcan, i saw a manned car parked beside the road (which usually signifies that something is going on). i slowed way down. a man inside had a camera pointed out the window to the north with an extremely long telephoto lens. he motioned to the grass where i saw... alaska haines junction grizzly bear r1200gs alcan mandalazu
bonnechere provincial park - hiking the mcnaughton trail - campsite # 75 - rv camping ontario bonnechere provincial park. wow, the summer has flown by. trip number 16 in our grand design imagine 2600.  hiking the mcnaughton trail and campsite #75. riverfront site on the bonnechere river.  rv camping ontario like us on facebook - @rvcampingontario instagram - @rockstar791  like - subscribe - share bonnechere provincial park bonnechere bonnechere river ontario parks provincial parks hiking in the fall fall colours fall colors fall camping rv camping ontario rv camping campsite mcnaughton trail riverfront outdoor adventure october camping fall 2016 fall season parks canada national park hiking with dogs camping with dogs dog love rescue dog happy puppy discover ontario
immobilien in british columbia kanada trail, british columbia ist von bergen umgeben. die columbia river fliet durch. ein weltklasse skigebiet nur 10 km (6 miles) entfernt. die usa grenze ist nur 15 minute drive away. trail ist ein einladendes gemeinschaft bietet eine wunderbare lifestyle und viele aktivitten fr die outdoor enthusiast.    genieen sie tennis, langlauf oder skifahren, strae radfahren oder mountainbiken, jagd, angeln, boot fahren, schneeschuhwandern, racket ball, squash, hockey, schwimmen, golf, reiten, wandern, fussball, baseball, innen oder auen skating, kanu, kajak, klettern, snowmobilen, fuball, basketball, baseball, aerobic, art club, wandern, eisfischen, kinder wasser park, aquatic centre ...       - created at  canada kanada homes for sale overseas homes for sale real estate canada vacation home trail bc canada homes for sale travel canada huser zum verkauf im ausland urlaub immobilien zum verkauf
canuck is in the ocean oh yes warm water on a hot day...... keith hooper philippines province life
jetboat run down the green river, pemberton, bc running the green river, may 2010 201005171120091
canadian outback's bald eagle safari in squamish near whistler a fantastic way to witness one of world's largest bald eagle migrations with thousands of eagles along the riverbanks.  tour available nov-feb at  bald eagles eagle safari birdwatching birds eagles ecotour
washing out the rad on a maverick xmr and rzr 900 overheating sucks. not having a rad-relocate sucks too.   if you like my videos please rate, subscribe and share. all video was shot on private land and marked trails. this channel captures the events while riding atv's in canadian mud, skeg and deep water while hanging out with cool people. quad can-am canam xmr 4x4 off road offroad atv fun mud snow canada canadian ice cold winter ontario high output high output all terrain vehicle funny awesome fail xp sportsman gopro offroading four-wheel drive trail ride riding silverback gorilla 30 rzr axle catvos snorkel outlander maverick 1000 wetsounds
grizzly on haines road grizzly on haines road, 45 miles south of haines junction, june 2011 grizzly bear haines road
northern shovelers purple head at breeding time apr 28 2015 n or regina sk male and female northern shovelers head-bobbing at breeding time apr 28 2015 near zehner sk, canada. the male northern shoveler has a green head that looks purple - sometimes like this: regardless of angle. northern shoveler green head green headed head bobbing bobbing head breeding behavior
optimist park, ile des chenes contact: sheldon dubois 204-996-4935 email: sheldon.dubois@gmail.com  facility address:  1130 arnould road, ile des chenes, mb 20 kms south south east of winnipeg, off hwy 59  facility website:   facility information: baseball/softball complex tables and chairs on site bathroom facilities wheelchair accesible ample parking       music used with permission gonzo by jahzzar   " le-des-chnes manitoba (city/town/village) optimist park baseball seine river minor ball
achigan 7 lbs lac st-pierre achigan grande bouche du lac st-pierre. gros plombs monstre lunker nouvelle technique
2016 r pod 178 by forest river  unit is sold. check out the rest of our great selection of new and used units in stock! minard's leisure world weyburn regina moose jaw swift current estevan davidson watrous bengough assiniboia avonlea saskatchewan sask camping sk rv dealers
koosees brothers (lets praise jesus) song: let's praise jesus music by koosees brothers from kashechewan.ontario koosees brothers romantic ballads rap music gospel jonas brothers praise walkthrough worship
some more basic poling drills - just practicing. i was out today and recorded some additional poling practice drills.  i have a lot to learn still but it is getting better. canoe poling
digital data logging multimeter wavetek model 52 just a short overview of the wavetek model 52 digital data logging multimeter.  this is a great digital multimeter with a resolution of 32000 counts it has a 1200 data memory and rs232 port for downloading the data to a computer. there is an additional serial port that can be used to multiplex the input of channel one to 64 voltage channels. this uses a 8bit microprocessor (hd63) ruining at 4.91mhz has a lot of futures including 99 programmable math channels has an lcd display and only uses under 500mw of power when running but the most impressive is the fact that it was build in 1987 so about 25 years ago if you read this in the year this video was uploaded.  if you like to see video reviews about multimeters you can watch martin lorton's youtube channel  data aquisition logging digital multimeter wavetek model 51 52 hd63 8bit microprocessor ddm
home to the abram chutes.avi  boat lake nwo
kayaking the upper bull river, bc my first time kayaking down the bull river in the east kootenay, bc. i am paddling a jackson superfun. kayaking (sport) river (geographical feature category) paddling water river running jackson kayaks jackson super fun playboat white water kayak white water kayaking british columbia (canadian province) bull river rafting (sport) canada (country) east kootenay dagger mamba steph's sexy kaitlin's sexy
2014 fall bike ride around wascana park in regina sk a short morning ride around wascana park on a september day that the high temp was about 32c wascana centre (tourist attraction) saskatchewan (canadian province) regina (city/town/village) tourist destination bike biking riding ride tourism (interest) around canada (country)
buster needs a wheelchair.wmv adorable rescue dachshund with a spinal chord injury needs a wheelchair.  is a registered charity helping special needs rescue animals.  please help us raise the money to get buster a wheelchair. buster has temporarily borrowed a wheelchair from another dog, but it doesn't quite fit him. it rubs his skin raw even through padded straps and his back end is up too high in the air, putting pressure on his neck and spine. still, buster is thankful to have the use of the loaner chair because it is much better than having to drag his back end everywhere.   buster has a wonderful temperament and is in training to be a therapy dog! his love of life and never-give-up attitude bring a smile to the face of everyone who meets him.  can you imagine how spending time with buster could raise the spirits of someone with a newly acquired spinal chord injury? imagine a child having to go through boring and painful physical therapy and how much more fun it would be with buster's help.  buster would love to "pay it foward" and help others, but right now...he needs help.  can you make a donation and help him get the wheelchair he needs?   this video shows buster in his borrowed wheelchair during his first training session at the rehab hospital where he will someday be a therapy dog.  using clicker training, buster is learning to pay attention, walk and a loose leash and most importantly for a dog on wheels, to stop. sorry for the sometimes wiggly video, the person holding the camera was also holding another one of our program dogs. cute dog adorable dog world's cutest dog clicker training therapy dog need help registered charity dog in a wheelchair dog with a spinal chord injury theanimalteacher prairie animal assistance please help donating to a charity clicker training dogs training levels dachshund mini dachshund dog needs help rescue dogs rescue animals puppy pet cute
ovnis au rservoir gouin vido capte au rservoir gouin au mois d'aot 1991 ou 1992. certaines scnes ont t coupes puisque la cassette vhs tait endommage. pour plus d'informations :  ovni ufo extraterrestre lumire ciel nocturne info
uhc highlights episode 8 loot crates are fun today i played this ffa lootcrates game on psychadelic and i think i did pretty well other than the ending oh well i was told to make this into a highlights anyways by lux and epino so here it is. uhc highlights uhc reddit reddit uhc psychadelic
sos crowns presents "the travelling show" episode 3: kenosee kayak   the team travel to moose mountain provincial park for some leisurely kayaking and to hear opinions on crown corporations. sos crowns travelling traveling show kenosee kayak soscrowns lake paddle
camp north of rouyn norenda(quebec) short movie about ip crew crossing cold creek in quebec geophisic ip induced polarysation qubec canada north canada camp cold wather geology
canoe trips canoe trip canoe trip boundary waters schoenberg schoenbergs tom thomas canada
sharing our histories: the keeseekoowenin ojibway. riding mountain national park . riding mountain national park first nations
tripping over the blue line nipawin nooners hockey game premiere_elements_10
bir el jadi jam3a mahbula  c trs belle la vie en tunis   wled hemem ghazez spars
missinaibi river - short version the short version of our missinaibi river canoe trip. if you've seen the full version (parts i & ii), then this is the last 3 minutes of part ii... the "montage". missinaibi river canoe trip rob girard dave burke
kayak photography up close with the wildlife a short clip showing you just how close you can get to the wildlife on a kayak.   paddling along i noticed something a little odd about this tree.  as i paddled in i couldn't believe this deer was watching me and seemed just as curious as i was. kayak kayak photography wildlife photography nature photography deer photography deer ontario wildlife durham region duffins creek wildlife duffins creek canoeing duffins creek kayaking ajax ontario duffins creek fishing duffins creek fishing report duffins creek fishing regulations
the natural world under construction duck mountain pro. park in manitoba   (how the beavers help with the depressions to maintain water levels for the ducks to nest) duck mountain provincial park (location) manitoba (canadian province) canada (country) duck (animal) bird beaver (animal) birds ducks
moose river travel 2010 march 15 video of travel from moose factory to moosonee across the frozen but rather wet and slushy moose river on 2010 march the 15th. moosonee moose river factory jeep celine koostachin molly slush ice water driving wet
river at mattagami aug 08 trip to mattagami mattagami
pivabiskau river delta the gravel delta formed by the pivabiskau river as it enters the missinaibi river pivabiskau river missinaibi river river canoeing campsite
the story of 12 wabun built a house for my in-laws...all volunteer work moosonee volunteer job
carry yak: kayak carrier for adventure enthusiasts a trek trough the woods made easy with the carry yak - a hands-free kayak carrying product that creates even balance to ensure safe transport. kayak kayak transport carry kayak sea kayaking recreational kayak adventure kayak rowing kayak equipment kayaking story river water
1080p james bay sunset 480 frames. one sunset. waskaganish quebec cree d90 time lapse james bay rupert
north canada forest, james bay james bay north canada forest. just driving by, i'm on my way to see friends:) north canada car ride tree forest road truck free wood minnie adventure james bay driving
foto per le strade del canada foto scattate per le strade del canada fotocamere nikon l610 e p100 truck car canada qubec (canadian province) toronto ontario ottawa montreal
comment faire des filets de brochet sans arrtes comment faire des filets de brochet sans arrtes aprs une petite pche a guay   avec yvan blanger et loi rioux  music corel ultimate studio 7 fishing derbies tournoi dor brochet pike wallaey lac cris wawanipi communaut autochtone information faire des filet de brochet filet de brochet filet sans arrtes
technique de pche  la trane aux dor bande annonce aller voir le film sur  technique de pche  la trane aux dor.    aller visit mon site web et mon forrum fishing derbies tournoi dor brochet pike wallaey lac cris wawanipi communaut autochtone technique pche  la tane
"last day of pavement" jstephensca's photos around chibougamau, canada (lac st jean) preview of jstephensca's blog at travelpod. read the full blog here:     this blog preview was made by travelpod using the tripadvisor tripwow slideshow creator.    learn more about these videos:  lac st jean last pavement chibougamau quebec canada trip slideshow tripwow tripadvisor photography vacation photos
middle school days edition - bbtrickshots backyard basketball is a group of 4 guys and 1 girl who shoot awesome basketball trick shots!    in our 3rd video, we were given an opportunity through school to film for a whole day! it was a great day and we accomplished filming and editing a whole video in 1 day!    ***** music is hyperizin' music was a free, legal, download of of footlocker.com backyard basketball awesome trick shots sam grant seth gracie edition middle school days home playground zach summer dude perfect dcustudios2 jumping jumps backflip stunts gaming agility
runescape how to be rich how to make 100k in 30 mins and i showed u a good place for exp. willows runescape how to be rich
un beau dor  ete2010 030
canadian winter wonderland   the great white north welcome to canada! we have the best snow in the world!!! canada (country) great snow north alicia winter south carolina keys korea south carolina (us state) south korea (country) alice state (quotation subject) united states of america (country) government (organization sector) wonderland alicia keys east ice empire martina cold charlotte live mind storm day patrol
windrider surf'nsail 2013 my sailing buddy, darryl, shot these clips this summer and i set them to some surfing music. wing on wing, surfing down following waves, each taking turns surging ahead and both winning - the only competition is to see who has the most fun. it doesn't get much better than this!! music by bob wizman, "vamos ala playa" windrider wing on wing surfing sailing lake diefenbaker
a  small sample of cover songs performed by ferny turnbull this is just a small sample  of  cover songs performed by the band.  every rose has its thorn, rocking in a free world, broken down angel, momma, whiskey in the jar, wagon wheel, where corn don't grow the old apartment, beds are burning, od'd in denver, cover of the rolling stone, feels like making love simple man, squeeze box check out their web site here    demo covers cover version (literature subject) song (composition type) music education (field of study)
johnson projet.avi projet johnson rotary 45 .    payee 50$ 1976 o.m.c.johnson snowmobile sept-iles gallix
   3                     3               5000000                tag1 tag2
sortie  7 kayakistes  sept-iles une belle sortie en kayak de mer  l'le grosse boule  - sept-iles 28 mai 2016 sept-iles kayak de mer
port-cartier - chte mcdonald  port-cartier (city/town/village) chute mcdonald
cr500 paddle wheel boat a buddy and i had a great idea of putting a motor on his little row boat while camping at the brule sand dunes in alberta. cr500 kx500 dirtbike paddle boat brule sand dunes redneck hillclimb row motor wheel tire quad motorcycle motocross honda spo
lipdub | carrefour jeunesse-emploi | port-cartier lipdub pour les journes de la persvrance scolaire. carrefour jeunesse-emploi port-cartier. musique de pharrell williams. lip dub port-cartier (city/town/village) carrefour jeunesse emploi persvrance scolaire happy pharrell williams
powerplan street talk: episode 1 "if you were given $1,000,000 to open any business in wawa, what business would that be?"  powerplan hits up the streets of wawa, ontario to discover exactly how youth view business. we ask the questions, you hear the answers.  website:   facebook:   twitter:  wawa ontario canada youth business powerplan power plan street talk
coteau creek trip my dad and i went to the river near a hydroelectric power station to hike around and hang out. river hike hiking saskatchewan dad me
demo reel 2014 captations sportives, portraits, beautyshots. nouveau dmo pour clbrer 2014 pass. musique de dexter britain.  demo demoreel reel 2014 simon lavictoire cte-nord north shore shore cte nord sept-les sept les plan arien bateau dragon lac rapide north ariel shots ariel shots sun rise sunrise qubec canada pigiste freelance cameraman monteur cameraman-monteur cogeco tvcogeco radio-canada ioc centraide duplessis marathon mamu centraide duplessis marathon mamu course
dolphin superpod in strait of georgia over 1000 pacific white-sided dolphins swim alongside a bc ferries vessel sailing across the strait of georgia from galiano island to tsawwassen, near vancouver, british columbia, canada.  to use this video in a commercial player or in broadcasts, please email licensing@storyful.com.  media coverage:    dolphin (marine creature) vancouver (city/town/village) strait of georgia (geographical feature) british columbia (canadian province) bc ferries (organization)
riviere romaine et jupitagon peche aux saumons riviere romaine et jupitagon
natashquan blue (aot 2007) natashquan blue: images de qubec  natashquan natashquan quebec
tour whitehorse & see yukon wildlife! tour the alaskan gold rush city whitehorse, and then visit the yukon wildlife preserve. when you have seen enough moose and elk, hop on the mv schwatka for a ride down the yukon! to book, call the local service desk upon arrival into whitehorse.  this tour is available on our alaska & yukon tours, for more information visit us at  yukon wildlife preserve alaskan wildlife whitehorse yukon
whales & icebergs with northland discovery boat tours this whale surfaced repeatedly in front of a number of icebergs off st. anthony, newfoundland on our tour with northland discovery. newfoundland whale iceberg st. anthony boat tour northland discovery
shore birds in port au choix, nfld shore birds in port au choix, nfld shore birds portauchoix nfld
mill cove dive site, nova scotia diving at mill cove on st. margaret's bay in nova scotia, canada.  find this site and more at maps.torpedorays.com  torpedo rays scuba 902-481-0444  scuba diving (interest) sidemount mill cove nova scotia water padi scuba nova scotia (canadian province)
   humpback whale watching 2013 alaska    alaska (us state) whale watching wildlife
parade de la st-jean baptiste  lourdes-de-blanc-sablon le 23 juin 2013 party exclusif au qubec : pour des vacances diffrentes  - une fte  la plage avec des glaciers, des baleines, du caplan et la nature - pour vos prochaines vacances venez vous joindre  nous.  - ici les qubecois (anglais et francais) et les labradoriens clbrent ensemble  la seule place au qubec pour un rendez-vous avec les glaciers (iceberg) iceberg glaciers st-jean baptiste parade blanc-sablon lourdes-de-blanc-sablon plage baleine labrador bella desgagns t vacances voyages qubec canada
alaska boating - chilkat river, moose on the loose... jet boating on the chilkat river west of skagway, alaska with a moose along the river bank. jet boating chilkat river skagway alaska moose
humpback whale pod icy strait point  hoonah alaska humpback whale pod icy strait point hoonah alaska prairieboy66 save the whales greenpeace nature love lovers
starbound - the protector of relics - trailer voici le trailer de la nouvelle srie de la chane: "starbound - the protector of relics"  c'est une srie gameplay ou je vais vous montrer comment jouer a starbound depuis sa mise  jour officiel.  c'est une srie modder qui devrais fortement plaire  ceux qui aimes les jeux de sc-fi et/ou de survie aventure!  jespre que la srie vous plaira et n'hsiter pas  laisser vos conseils et vous avis dans les commentaires, ils sont l pour a ;) starbound ceolmuzix ceol in game qubcois qc quebecois francais franais the protector of relics trailer bande annonce bande-annonce les reliques du
my beautiful hometown englee!!! video of my hometown beautiful englee
august 24th part seven this is the end of our juneau excursion alaska juneau whales
betty and friends blowing bubbles.m4v i have a special day every so often. this was one of those days. humpback whales alaska bubble net feeding breaching kayaking kayak kayak with whales ketchikan southeast sea kayaks
weasle: finger or fry weasle eating fry, try's to get my finger. weasle weasle animal ermine eating frys ermine fry or finger weasle bite weasle attack weasle eating weasle eating fry weasle teeth on finger weasel (animal) animal (film genre) ermine mouth around finger
sailing with shea 1 our first sail on the sofia juneau sailing shea chip
zip line live on the zip line in hoonah alaska, randy and candy from juneau alaska alaska zip line zip line alaska hoonah zip line
humpback whale tails icy strait point  hoonah alaska humpback whale tails icy strait point hoonah alaska prairieboy66 save the whales blows greenpeace nature love lovers michelle bachmann sarah palin sexy michele
mike & dave mike & david on the indian river - melbourne, florida undefined
lachsfischen kanada 2009 - british columbia lachsfischen in kanada 2009 mit armin, jochen und andreas vom fischerverein olang. lachs fischen kanada 2009 armin jochen andreas untergassmair fischerverein olang smithers gnther knigslachs buckellachs silberlachs hundslachs
"standing by the river" (cover) ernest monias with northwind ernest monias & northwind band at the zoo, sat jan 18,2013 laronge sk jude ratt frances ratt the zoo til two canada thatconradguy northwind jane roberts moses halkett danny merasty 38 donald halkett sask micheal mirasty fad hunnies micheal merasty saskatchewan 2014 youtube laronge ron bradfield the zoo in laronge the northwind band jane e k roberts ernest monias
prep camp kitchen - shaw tv port alberni it's a sports camp that's been running in the alberni valley for many years, but many locals still don't know about it.  connect with us!   alberni valley go! shaw tv port alberni hockey alberni valley multiplex alberni athletic hall
how to make heightmaps & masks in blender for use in iclone this is a tutorial on how to create terrain, bake a heightmap and paint a mask for texturing of the terrain for use in iclone using blender.  for people who like to jump a head here are some usefull timestamp links    how to make the heightmap    how to make the mask     getting it all into iclone heightmap tutorial height map blender iclone terrain texture mask heightmaps maps official tutorial 3ds blender (software)
rc boat - go pro camera - dunks - flips - crashs - fast boats - cold water  rd ttt tt boat water high speed custom crash accident mod stunt cruiser ocean sailing flip
vancouver canucks mascot 'fin' cleans up rink floor during the nhl young stars classic 2016 in penticton british columbia canada, vancouver canucks mascot fin falls onto hard times and finds work at the south okanagan event center as clean up.  follow me: twitter: dirtyshirtbert vancouver canucks (professional sports team) national hockey league (sports association) hockey ice hockey rink (sports facility) ice hockey (sport) nhl game penticton (city/town/village) penticton vees (ice hockey team) british columbia (canadian province) south okanagan events centre (sports facility) canada (country) janitorial vancouver (city/town/village)
kayak building wooden boat building wooden boats boat building kayak kayak building hand crafted tradional building beauboats built in car port boat small wooden boat glued lapstrake small shop built boat building a wooden boat
alaska inside passage yacht cruise - americansafaricruises.com explore alaska's inside passage with american safari cruises aboard one of our luxury yachts. cruise line ship alaska yacht charter vacation sail alaska's inside passage whale travelogue bear
mom and daughter spend night in freezing cold after crash ben miljure on how a mother survived, and saved the life of her four-year-old daughter after a crash on a manitoba highway.  subscribe to ctv news to watch more videos:   connect with ctv news: for the latest news visit:   for a full video offering visit the ctv news network:   ctv news on facebook:    ctv news on twitter:    watch ctv news on twitter:   ctv news on google+:   ctv news on instagram:   ctv news on pinterest:   ctv news on vine:    --- ctv news is canada's most-watched news organization both locally and nationally, and has a network of national, international, and local news operations. ctv news ctv news mother daughter survivor story manitoba killarney
school boards march on legislative assembly - feb. 18, 2009 educators and supporters from around the territory march on the nwt legislative assembly to protest the merging of the territory's school boards from 70 to seven. feb. 18, 2009. andrew livingstone/nnsl video 2009 legislative assembly school board yellowknife nwt nnsl yellowknifer andrew livingstone march protest
canada's worst trampoline park flying squirrel trampoline park based in hamilton, ontario is a great place for the young ones to spend some quality fun time!   not a click bait title 1:50 for the in depth review.  canon 70d premiere pro trampoline flips fun video vlog park tricks hamilton ontario skyzone aerosport backflip cork frontflip tricking spinning canon toronto trampolining jumping bouncing nice good sick sweet
ocean henry bain ocean henry bain at the port of quebec city on 2012-02-26. ocean henry bain port of quebec city 2012-02-26.
nl word challenge - gawmage are you a true newfoundland linguist?  comedian paul warford will be the judge of that, with a word challenge from the dictionary of newfoundland english.  today's word: "gawmage".  watch more comedy from newfoundland and labrador here:   subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador comedy cbcnl paul warford word challenge newfoundland english newfoundland words
friday night flies ben ties a brown crystal flash wooly bugger #hangoutsonair hangouts on air #hoa crystal flash wooly bugger how to tie a wooly bugger pemberton fish finder fly tying lessons
koi and shubunkins they swim.  they look for food, but there is none to be found.  they are pigs.    tank:  90 gallon  filter:  aquaclear 500 gph and marineland 250 gph  uv sterilizer:  coralife turbo twist 9w koi&shubunkins2
staff dive gear picks take it from the pro's! find out what scuba gear we use and why we love it! scuba gear dive gear scuba equipment scubapro nova fins bare trek boots scubapro spectra mini mask dive gear reviews scuba diving bc
dwight ball - speech to nl liberal agm 2014, gander dwight ball, mha, leader of the liberal party of newfoundland and labrador, speaks to the party's 2014 agm in gander dwight ball liberal party newfoundland and labrador agm 2014 speech gander
trails with dale: low tide zone at lighthouse park dale and elizabeth explore coastal life nearest to the water's edge in the low tide zone. low tide science coastal life british columbia lighthouse parks trails ocean
paragliding at grouse mountain i signed up for a tandem paragliding flight and this was the result. recorded on a gopro hero hd camera, and this is pretty much raw footage. go pro grouse mountain paragliding soaring bc north vancouver flying canada
alaska whale watching 2015 despite rain, whale watching is still fun.  it was difficult to keep the camera steady with the wind blowing and the waves rocking the boat.  it was also hard to keep the lens clean and not miss and shot.  i need to go again for more practice. whale breach alaska juneau holland america
british columbia - wild grizzly bears (part 1) grizzly bear and cubs filmed from the roadside in tatshenshini provincial park. june 2013. canada (country) british columbia (canadian province) grizzly bear (organism classification) tatshenshini-alsek provincial park (protected site) national geographic explorer (tv program) tatshenshini river (river) bear attack alaska (us state) haines highway (road)
hungry-man mexican style fiesta review - larrygravestv please "thumbs up" this video. thank you! subscribe:  larry graves asmr channel:  all my playlists:  facebook:  twitter:  important: don't forget to click the "bell" next to the subscribe button and select "send me all notifications for this channel".  otherwise you may not receive notification when i upload. #canadianstudmuffin #larrygraves #trentonontario #quintewest  larry graves aka canadian studmuffin is from trenton ontario and has been creating original comedy videos on youtube since february 2006.  please support my channel by leaving comments and rating the videos you watch. thank you! hungery-man mexican style fiesta review hungery man mexican style fiesta review food review larry graves canadian studmuffin food eating comedy humor funny tv dinner gross beef enchiladas refried beans rice seasoned rice trenton ontario belleville ontario quinte west
wisconsin slim at the rendezvous  juneau alaska july4 2009 wisconsin slim
fpv skyhunter~ final cut boat shoot 2014 ~ skyhunter fpv a perfect day fpv.skyhunter boat shoot prescott riverrat fpv video fpv f.p.v skyhunte flying helicopter plane air aircraft airplane planes
dolphins amazing surfing in australia coast  australia coast dolphins amazing surfing dolphins surfing dolphins amazing surfing in australia coast dolphins surfing in australia coast
pending lot for sale - 5100 douglas hwy, juneau, ak for more details click here:   5100 douglas hwy juneau, ak 99801 $154,000, mls# mls #12537  a waterfront lot close to town offering mountain vistas and beautfiul view of the gastineau channel. wtih 13,320 sq ft, this lot offers and upper plateau that drops down to the beach. a quaint "old" garage with wood planking sit upfront toward the road. sweeping vistas of mountains and forests with an awe-inspiring setting make this a true building opportunity   presented by: honey bee anderson, powell realty inc. 907-790-4233 view my inventory:  honey bee anderson powell realty inc. 5100 douglas hwy juneau ak 99801 99801 homes for sale in juneau home for sale real estate virtual tour video tour visualtour
traveling time lapse of the cruise ships and miscellaneous boats in the port in juneau, alaska. purchase this clip here: (  traveling time lapse of cruise ships and miscellaneous boats in the port in juneau, alaska.  shot from the back of a cruise ship pulling out and turning around in the port.  shows green mountain ridges along the edges of the glassy water.  shot on june 4th, 2009. for questions, email us at sales@stockfootage.com alaska altitude beautiful city cruise cruise ship forest freeze harbor icy inside inside passage juneau journey lake landscape luxury mountain mountain range mountains nature ocean outdoor pacific passage peak port ridge river rocky scenery scenic sea seasonal ship sky snow snowy timelapse time lapse time-lapse top transport transportation travel vacation vessel view water
the driftwood hotel - juneau, alaska the driftwood hotel 3 star hotel in juneau, alaska within us travel directory located next to alaska state museum, this motel offers a free 24-hour airport or ferry dock shuttle.  it features an on-site business center and guest rooms with free wi-fi. a cable tv and iron facilities are provided in every room at the driftwood hotel.  all accommodation includes a coffee maker, and most have a full kitchenette. centennial hall convention center and the alaska state capitol are within 2 blocks of lodge driftwood.  mount roberts tramway is less than 1.6 km away.  hotels list and more information visit u.s. travel directory       the driftwood hotel us travel directory juneau alaska juneau hotel alaska hotel 3 star hotel mount roberts tramway lodge driftwood alaska state capitol centennial hall convention center
dinghy dudes 3 of 5 - tohatsu 6hp outboard motor speed test myboatcharters.com got some friends together to test a 10 foot walkerbay rigid inflatable dinghy with a new 2009 6 hp tohatsu 4 cycle outboard engine.    this is the speed test for claudio    this section is a speed test for claudio tohatsu 6hp outboard motor dinghy tender zodiac rib rid speed test iphone gps
red dog saloon - early in the morning - juneau 10th july 2014 - 3  juneau (city/town/village) red dog saloon alaska united states of america (country) alaska cruise red dog saloon - early in the morning early in the morning song live singing 10th july 2014
orcas playing and up close near juneau this is about 2 minutes of over 30 minutes of video i shot near juneau, alaska, on 25 august 2010.  we were on a whale watching excursion and found these orcas feeding and playing.  there were about 20 people on the excursion boat, so there is a lot of conversation going on in the background. orca juneau alaska killer whale whalewatch princess cruise
alaskan icicles ice built up on the side of my building.  believe it or not they can grow so large that if they fall they can and have done extensive damage to a vehicle.  i shudder to think what that much ice would do if it fell on someone. ice danger dangerous buildup break pick icicle glacier alaska snow cold winter stupid silly dumb natural selection
alaska whale watching - saginaw channel evening whale watching tour near juneau, ak. whale watching whale (animal) alaska (us state) juneau (city/town/village)
juneau drive 12-19-14 dashcamming in juneau dashcam dash mounted camera cam dashcamming juneau alaska drive ride along passenger road highway egan franklin street downtown mendenhall valley douglas island gastineau channel mountain snow rain car twin lakes ipad mini retina b737seattle traffic travel thane sandy beach savikko park driving
whale watching in juneau, alaska (june 21, 2009) (3 of 3) whale watching in juneau, alaska on june 21, 2009. this is part 3 of 3. whales juneau alaska cruise ship stevens passage admiralty island mendenhall glacier roger ritthaler
me rand al taku river hole in the wall glacier.avi skiffing around the taku river taku river glacier hunting skiff craig fowler
beautiful wooden dome in france lovely wooden home in aquitaine, france. source:    music:  attribution arpy arp by antiis instrumentals  dome.dome home home house wooden dome wooden house wooden home architecture architectural style design interior design home decor france
construction and opeing of the lion's gate bridge most films focus only on the bridge, this one also has the construction of the causeway  original source  lions gate bridge vancouver burrard inlet stanley park first narrows
humpback whales nova scotia (bay of fundy, petit passage, digby neck) 18/09/2011 fantastic sighting of four humpback whales in the bay of fundy, nova scotia. set sail from the petit passage on the digby neck and quickly came across these beauties.  thanks craig and suzanne of petit passage whale watch for a great experience. ( humpback whale tail head flipper fin spy hop spyhop spyhopping fluke logging nova scotia digby neck petit passage bay of fundy watching watch
how to use e- collar do not use ""low level stim method"" its not good! training dogs in real time please subscribe!!!!  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
annapolis royal tidal station -by dronepix aerial video of annapolis royal's tidal station in nova scotia, the only functional tidal station in north america! it produces a full one percent (1%) of 'all the hydro combined' for nova scotia, doesn't sound like much but when you see the small size of the station it's quite a feat in all respects! a beautiful location, the tidal power of the water can be seen every twelve hours here! filmed and uploaded by dronepix drone uav videos photos
aerial canada vermilion bay ontario pano view aerial canada vermilion bay ontario pano view aerial canada vermilion bay ontario pano view
coquihalla river othello & tunnel, british columbia coquihalla river and othello tunnel april 20th, 2014 british columbia, canada  coquihalla river (location) othello tunnel british columbia (canadian province) canada
san juans cruise aboard schooner martha family sailing vacation aboard schooner martha in the san juans islands during summer of 2010.  see  for more information san juan islands schooner martha family sailing orca whales adventure cruise
serious pro trainers do not use physical petting as a reward! dogs don;t want that! training dogs in real time please subscribe!!!!  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
opw pan am fop slalom course field of play setup and ontario place west channel in preparation for the 2015 toronto pan am/parapan am games to2015 pan am parapan am water ski wakeboard fop field of play opw ontario place west channel site setup
intelligent games for kids - mickey school - game kids game.com educational games - mickey school - game kids game.com  exercise your brain with winnie the mickey brain games play all three games in any order you want. if you complete a game correctly any time left over will be added to your score and if you answer all of the questions in a game correectly you earn extra bounus points.  once you complete a game  you'll see a checkmark next to  it on the main menu. when you finish all three games you can look at your final scores by clicking the results button. you will also earn a letter grade (a,b,c) for each game based on your points so. put on your thinging cap and get high score.  link game:  thank you for watching educational games - mickey school - game kids game.com educational games - mickey school mickey school - game kids game.com mickey school hoc toan cung be learn math with baby lean and study intelligent games for kids intelligent games for kids - mickey school - game kids game.com
2014 new harley davidson sportster hl1200x  race car crashes fastest car car show box car racer electric car smart car hayabusa scary car video rc car crazy car scary funny car commercial relaxing car drive
    mega.avi                  2004 flyboat   sports water sport
dark wolf df145 fs vs storm aries 125 s bad video... sorry but it was my mom and she was struggling over getting the bey on the launcher and not having it fall off...  storm aries 125 s - 3 attack 2 stamina 3 defense  dark wolf df145 fs - 2 attack 3 stamina 4 defense dark wolf storm aries beyblade
saturna island anchorage saturna island anchorage with hi5 trimaran saturna island anchorage
lingcod petting diving with the gopro at porteau cove.  huge lingcod that doesn't mind being petted. very cool wrecks. freedive apnea gopro porteau cove
sailing desolation sound - octopus islands sailing andante through surge narrows to the octopus islands where we would anchor for the night. sailing desolation sound sailing bc andante sailingandante pacific northwest british columbia cruise boat canada vancouver islands
road trip and cruise to alaska june '11 part 2 by d prince a 2000 mile road trip and alaska cruise. road tourism victoria cruise alaska canada crator lake shasta lake
tenley thompson photograpy presents: polar bears straight from churchill canada tenley thompson photography presents polar bears.  for more information visit         special thanks to the churchill grocery store for the use of its murals and karl jenkins for the use of his music polar bears wildlife polarbears tenley thompson photograpy churchill canada tundra artic bear hudson bay
ottawa river deschenes rapids part 1 these fast moving currents of water are always fun to watch! rapids river river rapids ottawa river ottawa river deschenes lac deschnes (lake) ottawa ottawa river deschenes rapids part ottawa river rapids ottawa river deschenes rapids part 1 ottawa river deschenes rapids
pechedore comment prparer un des filets de dor. dmonstration: normand lapointe, alma, qc. filets poisson pche dor lac normand lapointe.
bustard islands flight a flight over the bustard islands in georgian bay and landing at an island on the south west side of the islands group. georgian bay bustard islands parry sound
brown bears in southeast alaska's inside passage during a small ship cruise we got on a skiff and quietly motored over to where a mama brown bear and her cub were eating mussels. southeast alaska inside passage brown bears mama bear brown bears eating cruise alaska
adventures on orca, blaine marina to blind bay, part 1 i take orca, my 1974 willard vega 30 voyager, on a trip from home port in blaine marine to blind bay on shaw island in the san juan island group. willard vega 30 voyager willard vega 30 willard vega willard trawler trawler travels pocket trawler blaine wa san juan islands (island group) small trawler
alaska - southeast experience alaska's inside passage with it's scenic coastal waterways, abundant wildlife and interesting, historical  communities. alaska's inside passage alaska cruise ketchikan juneau skagway haines sitka
sitka, alaska here's a  rough-cut for a film i am making for the alaska humanities forum about a urban and rural cultural exchange. enjoy! sitka alaska tlingit culture hannah guggenheim sitka documentary alaska humanities forum anchorage documentary
brown bear at a swimming hole bear at a swimming hole near sitka, alaska. a sequence of three trail cam videos in succession. watch for the surprise near the end. bear (animal) alaska (us state) sitka (us county) brown bear (animal)
this is my first attempt by uploading a video. i got this idea from the famous mighty duck. :) enjoy bean boozeled, kake alaska, yuckiness, fun fun. youtube capture
shark frenzy ute's video footage of sharks while in galapagos, july 2016, some footage filmed using tanya's arm in shark-infested waters! galapagos shark summer island ship boat fish bait bait ball ball reef south america equador tuna rabida mary anne go pro hero session birds frigate underwater panga hand-held vacation water adventure feed frenzy
micro butterfly (tiny rc micro plane) at nistowiak falls hd to learn more about the rc butterfly, visit our website at     plantraco's micro butterfly flying over beautiful nistowiak falls in saskatchewan.  a great way to get some thrills and hone your r/c flying skils with this amazing micro model with 3.5 inch wingspan and weight of about 2 grams! world's smallest rc airplane micro microflight model nistowiak plantraco radio controlled
john denver lookalike.mp4 a story on the tv show, evening magazine, profiling a tribute artist who looks and sings like the late john denver.  he plays in concert with denver's former lead guitarist, steve weisberg. john denver lookalike ted vigil steve weisberg mount vernon lincoln theatre woodland michael king
railroad station gander newfoundland 1990 venture back to 1990 when the last remaning days of the newfoundland railway were winding down... the station is boarded up but there is still some activity on the rails... enjoy some familiar sites and sounds of railway days gone by... youtube dennissmeaton gander international airport (airport) gander newfoundland canada gander newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) train station (building function) train railway cn railway newfoundland canada (country) trains railroad rail transport (industry)
petersburg creek ak jet boat sail- unlimited gravity remix    jordan reid's jet boat up petersburg creek, ak alaska jet boating jordan reid petersburg creek ak boat
north saskatchewan river at saunders landing north saskatchewan river at saunders landing, alberta. view the photographer's website at  north saskatchewan river
humpback whale: up close & personal can you imagine what it's like to have a 20 foot humpback whale playing with you in icy waters upon your arrival to alaska?  watch this video and you'll see just how close we were to this amazing baby humpback whale! after 15 minutes of entertaining us, the mother whisked the baby away from us to deeper waters.    video filmed using canon s3is digital camera. humpback whale kayak tracy arm
wrangell polar bear club, 2010 on new year's day, 2010, 46 wrangell, alaska polar bears entered shoemaker bay for an invigorating swim.  they all made it out alive.  no animals were harmed in filming this. polar bears new years wrangell alaska plunge
skagit river, manning park, british columbia, canada. a hike near the skagit river. manning park, bc, canada. cameras and editing by lisle fehlauer. go to  for more travel videos. manning park skagit river british columbia canada travel adventure hike tourism destination hiking (hobby) nature
survol du rservoir gouin en hydravion + danseuse hawaenne c'est pour un voyage de pche au rservoir gouin que nous avons pris un hydravion de air tamarac. rservoir gouin pche hydravion air tamarac dsc 3190
osoyoos, canada's warmest welcome!   osoyoos canada (country) bc wine country
humpback whales in southeast alaska humpback whales feeding on krill in southeast alaska. humpbacks can eat a ton of feed a day.    i took this august 31, 2009 amazing whales humpback whales feeding alaska krill southeast alaska seagulls feeding krill hunting eating whales whale blowing blow breaching pod fluke fin tail ocean pacific herring
stikine river trip #1 intro excerpt from the alaskan border episode # 6 alaska alaska alaskan alaskan wrangell stikine river moose hunt nature
ziprider zipline in hoonah, alaska ziprider zipline alaska
balsa stringless wonder takes flight all balsa version of a stringless wonder nearly goes bye bye.  now resting on top of a tall tree. stringless wonder flying wing
columbia frosty ridge tent review  presents a gear review on the columbia frosty ridge 2 man back backing tent. camping review reviews tent hunting (interest) backpacking (sport) columbia canada (country) british columbia (canadian province) alpine back country hiking (sport) waterproof fabric (invention) climbing (sport) frosty ridge 2 man tent
brett:  "come together" live sorry for the wave and wind noise ... this was shot live unrehearsed on a wharf in cape breton island! brett brett cape breton island
bow river: irrigation and food episode seven -- proof that fresh food for urban and rural residents alike does not come on a truck from california.    water is the lifeblood of southern alberta and the bow river is critical to the health of the region.    this educational series of vignettes, shot in spectacular high definition, takes the viewer on a journey of water stewardship of the bow river and how that stewardship affects life in the bow basin.    designed for both students and general audiences, the series looks at the importance of irrigation to life in southern alberta.   in fact, irrigation feeds 40% of the world's population, and not insignificantly in the bow basin.  not many of us know the rich history of irrigation in alberta and how appropriate stewardship of the finite resources of the bow river continue to benefit all of us -- both urban and rural residents.      from food production to ecological protection to recreational opportunities, the series paints a fascinating and not-well-understood story of the real bow river -- not only it's beauty, but its enduring qualities to sustain life, and of the people whose job it is to keep it that way. bow river alberta water alberta irrigation water stewardship bow river basin bow river fishing
bat creek pack horse trip to the headwaters of bat creek canada adventure nature moose elk bear sheep goat wolf coyote trophy b.c. horse mountains hunting muskwa kechika rocky boone and crockett bugle pack saddle trail river hitch cross duck geese grouse knife dressing caribou grizzly aircraft floats cabin tent camp cooking fire shoe horses spotting rifle shot british columbia backpack whitetail mule cougar
c tch hng m - truyn 1 - mo con i cu c tch hng m - truyn 1 - mo con i cu  lot nhng cu chuyn  ngha cc b v m nn c cho con nghe hng m  kch thch tr tng tng cho b. y cng th hin s quan tm ca cc ph huynh, ch 7p mi ngy thi, con bn s yu bn lm c sch c truyn truyn c tch tr con tr tng tng b m b books mo con cn cu cu c 7 pht c truyn
real skinny water jet boating this is the real deal.  when the rocks are big and you are in the wrong spot this is what happens.  still testing.  a good day to try anything... the first day!!! jeboats jet boat white water new zealand jet boat dinghy's clearwater river athabasca river christina river mini jet boats small jet boats mini sprint boats mini speed boat mini boat boat (literature subject) speed (dimension) lake water
gasp, mont-louis, multi especes  gasp bar ray cap-chat
boston to saranac flight flying cape air (a small twin cessna) from bos to slk flying cape air boston saranac
the fort hotel - fort nelson, b.c. this video was uploaded from an android phone. mobile
runescape 1-60 att, str, and def guide big shout out to airmax03 for is help!this is just a simple guide that i decided to make on some free time, snother option for 50 melee skills is deadly red spider, or hills giants, get big bones for prayer or money with hill giants, and uncut gems, epecially limpwurt roots, and for the deadly red spiders get there eggs. hope this helps, comment rate subscribe, i would like to make a shout out to airmax03, thanks for the help man...enjoy! att guide str guide def guide 1-70 att guide 1-70 str guide 1-70 def guide 1-60 att guide 1-60 str guide 1-60 def guide 1-60 melee guide 1-70 melee guide
j24 rnsys opener may 29th, and 30th rnsys opening regatta bravo course, j24 one design racing j24 sailing rnsys starts mark roundings yt:stretch=16:9 water sports
pche sur glace truite arc-en-ciel nous sommes aller pcher la truite arc-en-ciel prs de qubec. la remise  l'eau tait interdite sur ce lac  truite. la remise  l'eau tait interdite, vu que les truites sont trs fragile, elles ont plus de 80% de chance de mourir aprs avoir t piqu par un hameon.  nous avons faite une belle sortie de pche sur glace, environs 25 truites arc-en-ciel en trs peu de temps. nous avons ralis notre pche avec des cuillres buck shot de northland, appt d'un verre. truite arc-en-ciel truite arc-en-ciel pche pche sur glace salmonid
beginner video - fly tying the wet fly -  fly tying video for beginners (1 of 3)   download free videos  wet fly   fly tying video for beginners (1 of 3) download free videos 
workwearcanadacom kit update may 2010 quick update for barkriver aurora, bcb 25l, crusader kit barkriver bcb aurora daypack hunting
colleen & kary on pend oreille river colleen and kary kayak the pend oreille river near ione, wa. october 16, 2016. kayaking pend oreille river eddyline
duke hunter: lidar, demonstrating value to alberta parks through 101 uses duke hunter discusses how alberta parks is using lidar data. as a land manager, alberta parks requires information for decision-making in many different ways. for example, parks uses lidar data to dilineate boundaries, identify plant habitat, land-use changes (particularly with wet areas mapping data), facility planning and to visualize potential issues.  duke hunter is geomatics & land registries coordinator, parks division - alberta tourism, parks and recreation parks mapping land-use planning alberta (canadian province) lidar recreation
water skipping mountain max 700/ cfr800/ xlt 580 tripple water skipping in stanley mission mountain max 700 cfr800 xlt580
100 0870  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! dog training collar puppies labrador german shepherd remote dogtra electronic collar off leash training
fast way to make money in hay hay 2015 in this video iam going to show you how to get fast money in hay day  easy and fastfast way to make money in hay hay 2015   if it's work for you just hit like and subscribe   like us on facebook:-  thanks for watching ;) google (orginization) google fast way to make money in hay hay 2015 how to tutorial vlog video blog (website category) video blog (industry) marketing search engine search engine optimization (interest) fast way to make money in hay day 2015
rc boat  "gopro camera " - misty creek - "rat fink" - razor - go pro first time out - trying out our go pro camera gopro go pro camera boat razor ac zenoah mod fast
weekly updates - ep02 - mar 18, 2016 this week - bed prep, moving tunnels, hand watering, planting, nursery work, new plots  for more detailed information like this check out my online course:   and my book at:   theme music composed by curtis stone and performed by dylan ranney.   subscribe to our channel:   join the urban farmer community & discussion. share your stories, ask your questions, follow the revolution:   profitableurbanfarming.com facebook.com/greencityacres twitter.com/greencityacres gardening how to growing urban farming spin farming vegetables greens growing better high yield crops get started sustainable fertilizer soil local permaculture off grid homestead kelowna curtis stone curtis green city acres profitable farming the urban farmer suburban farming convert lawn to garden bc canada bed prep poly low tunnels
e-collar pager dog training training dogs in real time please subscribe!!!!  please contact me with any questions! thanks for watching and please subscribe!!!!!! e-collar dogs shock collar electronic clicker training ez educator vibration
canoeing white water on the kakwa river (#2) with the grande prairie canoe  canoeing white water kakwa river grande prairie canoe club rapids alberta (canadian province) river canoe (ship type)
memorial day 2010 denney tries out his new rzr rzr denis canada
2010 green tarping program at greywolf golf course a look at the green jacket tarping system installed at greywolf golf course in the fall of 2010.  system was installed to prevent recurring ice damage. greywolf golf course turf care maintenance green jacket ice damage greens tarp tarping tarps putting
amazing moment #64:  coolest carts in the world predator ridge is designed to bring out the amazing moments in life. our resort lifestyle includes amenities that help you do the things you love easily.  amazing moment #64:  coolest carts in the world in 2016 we introduced a new fleet of ez-go golf carts to our golf course.  these flat black carts exude cool and offer amenities including a cooler, ball & club washer right on your cart. predator ridge resort okanagan vernon british columbia golf course golf carts ez-go
chilcotin holidays christmas chilcotin holidays guide training center is celebrating a successful 2016. it was a year full of spectacular horse pack trips and amazing guide training graduates and we are loking forward to 2017 and all the new opportunities and successes the new year has in store for us. we wish you all merry christmas and a happy, adventurous and successful new year, 2017. chilcotin holidays guide training wilderness horse pack trips
dennis dineen - the best part of you (i) another launch from dryden, ontario.  this lamp shade instumental was written and recorded in 1991 while i was dwelling in sunny surrey.   it t'was a pleasant feeling i had.  cheers ... den adult
north fork flathead river, schnaus cabin river access, polebridge, montana river access from the schnaus cabin road north fork flathead river (river) polebridge (city/town/village) river (geographical feature category) montana schnaus cabin
skiing with yvonne ski smithers yvonne ski smithers bc canada downhill eckard erik darlene
minot north dakota hwy 83 bypass just a quick video, had to use an editor because i mounted the camera wrong.  next time i will get it right. north dakota minot north dakota
amazing moment #36:  our garages are full of toys not tools predator ridge is designed to bring out the amazing moments in life.  our resort lifestyle includes amenities that help you do the things you love easily.    amazing moment #36:  our garages are full of toys not tools life at predator ridge does not include yard work!  no lawn mower, weed whacker, fertilizer required!  your landscaping is taken care of our team, leaving you loads of space in your garage for all of your toys!  learn more at:  predator ridge resort okanagan vernon british columbia canada community resort real estate garage
big froggie in the bush just another frog i came across in the bush. frog (organism classification) amphibian (organism classification) canada (country) british columbia (canadian province) mushroom (organism classification)
ridin' with rourke: bears of spences bridge here in spences bridge, bc, canada, i go for an early morning bicycle ride most days and some mornings are much more interesting than others!       video shot from the old spences bridge over the thompson river in mid september when the bears annually come down from the hills to fatten up before winter hibernation.    more about spences bridge at  bears spences bridge wild thompson river water salmon
snowblower town of fort qu'appelle crew clearing snow tractor snow trower blower loading trucks fort qu'appelle
sandon i saw this silver rush era ghost town in 1965 in british coumbia.  at one time it was quite the metropolis, and its grandness is only hinted at by the remains of the town.  since these pictures were taken some restoration has occured, and it has become a tourist destination. ghost town sandon (city/town/village) british columbia (canadian province)
grizzley's in toba inlet bc heading back to camp stoped to see the big one feed gary aka newf
missing toddler found safe over 4 km away from his b.c. home a union bay family has been reunited after a harrowing 14 hours that saw a three-year-old boy go missing.  subscribe to ctv news to watch more videos:   connect with ctv news: for the latest news visit:   for a full video offering visit the ctv news network:   ctv news on facebook:    ctv news on twitter:    watch ctv news on twitter:   ctv news on google+:   ctv news on instagram:   ctv news on pinterest:   ctv news on vine:    --- ctv news is canada's most-watched news organization both locally and nationally, and has a network of national, international, and local news operations. ctv news ctv news comox valley missing boy toddler search and rescue british columbia
newfoundland 08 revised cross country on the argo argo nfld
squirrel sh!t mountain bike ride on nov 11, 2016 in the crowsnest pass mountain bike crowsnest pass
canadian guy's political perspective. river vlog trump hillary current political madness. rambling about u.s. political candidates at the moment.  help and support the channel!! :d  bhocaps trump hillary clinton donald canadian canada kappaccino talk vlog politics stupid
1602 pincher creek luau for the full story visit  pincher creek spray park luaua
vbi sudbury.  house set in killarney ontario vanguard building innovations is located in greater sudbury. we offer panelized building services throughout ontario for all your building needs.  ( youtube editor beaverhomes
missinaibi river - june 2007 - part ii of ii part ii of ii - a video chronicling our 320 km canoe trip down the lower missinaibi river. from mattice, on to moosonee, on. missinaibi river canoeing rob girard dave burke
4: tulita to norman wells - mackenzie river video 4 -- just under 14 min. going north from tulita (fort norman) to norman wells which is the shortest leg of the mackenzie river trip. we banded several sites and stopped for a day in norman wells to get supplies do laundry, shower and visit the museum which features the canol project  making an oil pipeline to whitehorse and all the work that was done in 2 years. mackenzie river tulita norman wells peregrine falcons banding northwest territories
myers' family picnic horseshoe game pt 1 a game of horseshoes in the lethbridge japanese gardens at the myers' bi-annual family picnic. family picnic reunion lethbridge japanese gardens horseshoes
south shore milk river ridge reservoir 2000 lx470    beach was too soft to drive on without tearing it up too badly so i promptly drove back off to minimize disturbance. p1010426
everton vs crystal palace 1- 1(highlight) exhilarate kevin macleod (incompetech.com) licensed under creative commons: by attribution 3.0 license  everton vscrystal palace everton vs everton crystal vs crystal vs crystal palace crystal palace euro euro 2016 uefa uefa 2016 uefa euro uefa euro 2016 pes pes 2016 fifa fifa 2016 scoccer scoccer 2016 world world cup epl eng: premier league premier league
great falls to chester, montana - december 19, 2015  great falls chester fort benton montana highway 87 montana highway 223
canoeing with kids - #pedalkid or #paddlekid? pedalkid and i go canoeing, near biscotasing, on - this is pretty much how the week went.  #pedalkid is convinced she's an epic paddler. sssh! sleeping! pedalkid
jerusalem rocks this is a piece shot on location near my home town of sweetgrass mt. the song was written in march 2012, soundtrack recording was mostly completed and video production started in late june 2012, total production time was just about 10 months. camera is a canon gl2. camera operators are myself and my wife diana marshall.  little jerusalem or the jerusalem rocks as they are known are an amazing formation of turrets and rimrocks that have stood for countless years. it's an awesome place that feels like sacred ground somehow. this is the second posting of this video - the one posted 12/21 didn't have sufficient audio gain, so i tried it again with a little more soundtrack. i hope you enjoy this video. rimrocks big sky country montana sweetgrass (city/town/village) border town dobro slide guitar (musical instrument) americana americana (broadcast genre) sweetgrass hills blues
healthy koi thriving in ice cold water! see my two oldest koi who have wintered in my pond in zone2/3 since 1991!   look at how peaceful and beautiful they look under the ice! cold fish snow winter koi ice cold ice cold running pond canada (country) tank wintering koi goldfish wintering goldfish koi under the ice
the life of exchange students - north devon i did another video of our time here in england.this time we did a trip to north devon. enjoy xxx north devon (english non-metropolitan district) exchange year exchange students life england (country) beach seaside
beautiful hornwort... after it was fozen solid in the ice in pond!!! beautiful weather in december, has allowed my floating horn wort to grow and thrive in my ponds, after frozen last month in very cold weather!! ice cold ponds winter ponds spring in december? fish koi goldfish pond ponds ponds in canada fish ponds backyard ponds
in the morning light, by my late summer ponds... summer is fading away fast now that it is 29 august 2016.   water is getting cooler.   still a beautiful  morning by my ponds.  update on the succulents  i planted in the rocks by the ponds. ponds canada summer fish koi goldfish water gardens back yard backyard ponds gardens succlents succulent spinning stainless steel balls spinning ball
physics project- using a ski- doo to show centripetal motion we used a tobaggan behind a ski-doo to experience centripetal motion. snowmobile sledding centripetal force wipeout failed polaris winter snow sports fun project tobaggan
the magnificent hudson river - barcelona -peter bjorn & john song: barcelona by peter bjorn & john scenic views of the hudson river from poughkeepise new york the water that i filmed probably isn't part of the hudson river anymore. it might be inside your body right now! peter bjorn and john seaside rock hudson river marist college ambient?
banff  national park, alberta - canada 2015 nosso passeio at banff em alberta, canada. banff alberta canada lake louise lake moraine lago louise lago moraine visto de estudante brasileiro no canada intercambio roudtrip
path of the paddle dock interview wednesday, 24 june 2015 - surprise visit of carrie and jon nolan, expedition paddlers from thunder bay, ontario, canada - website and link to blog:  path of the paddle  jon nolan carrie nolan jon and carrie nolan quetico park quetico expedition paddler boundary waters canoing thunder bay (city/town/village) ontario (canadian province) manitoba (canadian province) canada (country)
the athabasca regional multiplex promotional video for the athabasca regional multiplex.  investing in our community's future! mm15music 0001 athabasca regional multiplex
take a hike in the athabasca region! experience our vistas in the athabasca region.   hiking (sport) alberta (canadian province) athabasca river (river) northern alberta (location) athabasca (city/town/village) boyle (city/town/village) tourism (interest) autumn fall faltumn canada (country)
my happy little pond.   guppies swim in my hand for food!! look!!  the guppy pond is out of control and the population has just exploded since i put them in that little pond last month!   see the little guppies swim into my hand for food!!! guppies guppy ponds small ponds flowers gardens miniture gardens canada happy beautiful fish eat out of hand
look at my guppies i rescued from pond 20 november!!!! rescue operation to save some of the guppies from front pond.  three net scoops and look how many!  need to get them all in before december.  how long can the weather hold out?  its been pretty mild this fall and so far the coldest we have seen is about minus 7 celsius. guppies winter guppy pond ponds winter fall gardens water pond canada
rc helicopter candy drop at windscape kite festival at windscape 2010, the candy drop was done by remote control helicopter. kite festival
snow blower in action filling an end dump with a blower in the mac wood buffalo 3feb13 008
skim the brae sunnybrae bible camp is a great place for skimboarding. filmed with a gopro and a lumix gh2. bible camp fun jesus lake shuswap tide skim skimming surf surfing wave banks gopro
parmenters bears part 1 adorable, funny and sometimes scarey bear film, all captured in parmenter's field, rosswood bc, in the great bear rainforest.   dedicated to don and louise parmenter, who built and maintained the famous bear field, where you can find black and brown bears grazing, frolicking, sleeping and playing every may and june.  i felt safe to hang out right amongst the bears, sometimes 5 or 6 at a times, mostly alone, after don assured me by saying; in thirty one years, i never had a problem with the bears.   it was my great pleasure to not only film some amazing bear scenes, but also to film don and louise's old stories of how they came to rosswood, how they built the bear field and how they built the famous pee tree or water tree as they prefer to call it. but most the locals just call it the tree, which has the best water in the world pouring out of it.    rosswood is 37 km north of terrace bc, on the nisga'a highway 113. terrace is home of the famous white kermode spirit bear, which is another film.    you can be guaranteed to see bears in parmenter's field, every spring. the bears are treated with love and respect. the bears in turn, treat us with respect. thank you don and louise for your amazing grace, dignity and support.  i hope you all enjoy parmenter's bears as much as i enjoyed filming it. bears black bears bears playing bears frolicking bears mating bear encounters rosswood rosswood bc great bear rainforest terrace terrace bc nisga nisgaa highway nass nass valley parmenters bears parmenters don and louise prmenter parmenters field pee tree rca bc spirit bear bcspiritbear.com spirit bear films stephanie waymen filming bears
incredible whale sighting off nova scotia thanks to gary brinton photography for sharing this awesome video. more:  whales nova scotia drone whale watching brier island
rallye 31 milles  2012 je peux dire que le neveu est comme un chat avec neuf vie ben chanceux le gars d'tre en vie. vid 20120512 00009
funny cat videos for kids - adorable cats & babies compilation funny cat videos for kids - adorable cats & babies compilation  - link subscribe :   - welcome to our video channel  duyto pet funny. regularly posting video : funny videos, funny pet video, funny animals,  funny dog video, funny dogs, cat funny videos, funny dog and cat video,...  please subscribe, like or share if you find funny videos !   thank you to everyone who has watched !!! funny cat videos funny pet videos funny dog and cat videos funny dogs funny dog videos funny animals funny videos adorable cats & babies compilation funny cat videos for kids
cr125 v. crf250x at carnegie mx track 9-15-12 trey and shane just having fun shredding together on the track. whip at 1:45 !! youtube editor motocross (media genre) dirt bike bicycle (sports equipment) yamaha cross honda mx (newspaper) four suzuki motorcycle (invention) quad race track (sports equipment) riding sand
plane flying indoors here's an old movie from a battery-powered plane i made of balsa wood in high-school. plane hobby electronics diy balsa
long creek / crosby country club long creek dam north of crosby, nd.  long creek feeds boundary dam near estevan, sk.  long creek has never been this high before. long creek dam crosby country club boundary dam souris river mouse river crosby nd divide county long creek
bruiser high lift makeover - 02 facebook -      google plus -  twitter -          instagram -      thestuffz vlog estevan saskatchewan canada sk tamiya bruiser high lift tlt custom axles refurbished restored edition custom made micra red
rafferty dam outflow april 7 2013 video of the outflow from rafferty dam rafferty dam estevan saskatchewan sk sask flood 2013 flood 2013 ice snow water river dam canada winter spring swa water security agency souris river mouse river
minecraft building tutorial episode #1 house design in the video i show you how to build a house design in minecraft. minecraft xbox 360 (video game platform) tutorial (industry) video game (industry) single-player video game (video game) building (ontology class) episode series design (industry)
homes for sale foxholm nd $85,000 1241 n hwy 52, foxholm, nd 58718 mls# 20121597  clyde thorne 701-240-8594 cthorne@srt.com   real estate homes coldwell banker 1st minot realty clyde thorne foxholm nd 58718 ol_listing
juno alaska in july cruising through juno alaska in july alaska (us state) tourist destination glaciers ice cold in july
california gulls, s of regina, sk canada april 19, 2015 california gulls, s of regina, sk canada april 19, 2015 california gull (organism classification) cagu gull (animal) regina (city/town/village) saskatchewan (canadian province) birding bird (animal) gull roost
canon powershot sx50 minot,nd 4/8/2014 part 9 canon powershot sx50 minot,nd 4/8/2014 part 9 canon powershot (product line) minot (city/town/village) north dakota (us state)
mattagami river at sandy falls hydro dam mattagami river at sandy falls hydro dam, timmins, ontario, canada, may 11 2014.  flood conditions mattagami river sandy falls hydro dam timmins water flood
gerber  infinity led  review a short review of the gerber infinity led flash light.  a great little light for your survival kit or bug out bag.  stay tuned for more reviews of tested and used gear. survival gear review flash light backpacking hike gerber florida bug out bag survivalist camping outdoors
    -    2  ...    .     , .   muskrat trapping with: conibears - 110 duke long spring traps           muskrat trapping
white mud part 2 (oftys)  manitoba white mud river
arctic fox truck camper in natural habitat our arctic fox 811 truck camper on ford 6.0 diesel pickup truck in its natural habitat.  great family fun enjoying the outdoors.   (vancouver island, bc. canada) see how i load this camper onto the truck here -  arctic fox truck camper arctic fox 811 camper camping vancouver island (island) boondocking dry camping lake ford 6.0 ford superduty ford diesel fresh water fishing family fun pickup truck (body style) recreational vehicle (industry) rv tc slide-in demountable dismountable slide-on lund cabover camping in canada lance bigfoot adventurer camping on vancouver island
attack of the b team - episode 37: building the dna splitter! you can check out even more of my videos like this one, and other kinds too!  link are below :)  *****************************************************************  join the freedom! network with me:   cheap games g2a.com/r/cpelchat1  ***find me elsewhere***  website:   facebook:  twitter:  google+:  instagram page:  vine:  snapchat: cpelchat1 blog: christianpelchat.blogspot.ca soundcloud:   email: cpelchat1000@gmail.com  vlog channel:   if you are reading this you are awesome! now comment this: "i am awesome!!! :d" mic setup: blue snowball (mine is blue)  us -  ca -   wind pop filter us -  ca -   microphone stand us -  ca - tekkit games mods youtube space attacks cpelchat1000 b-team pelchat funny cpelchat1000gaming craft galactic gaming sweet awesome christian new genes modpack attack minecraft machines
budgie practices english - syrup the budgie syrup loves talking to my apple imac. it's pretty funny to watch and i hope he learns more! budgie budgie talking budgie talks budgie speaks english parrot talk parrot talks budgie talk budgie syrup budgerigar talking budgerigar (animal) happiest budgie
the diplomat - regina, sk - ch 23 the diplomat steakhouse downtown regina saskatchewan's fine dining restaurant  video produced and owned by chapter 23 advertising inc.   join chapter23.ca face book page to win prizes from local businesses! regina chapter 23 advertising inc. ch 23 the diplomat steak house fine dining saskatchewan sk food steak restaurant downtown regina chapter 23
clayman takes to the air- in a beautiful balloon! clayman flies agian ! this time with sundance balloons. what a breathtaking view!  clay young clayman cjob sundance balloons air ride sky flight fun balloon (literature subject) adventure
a beaver a beaver at oak hammock marsh beaver (organism classification)
fort whyte aquarium  nature astroscopus60
watercolor supplies: indigo art papers i've been using indigo art papers for my watercolor paintings for the last few months and you can learn all about this handmade cotton paper in this video review.  buy indigo online at  or  more about indigo art papers on their web site:   i teach over 4000 students online at  watercolor painting art supplies painting product review watercolor paper
attack of the b team - episode 50: coal generator to help us make wafers! you can check out even more of my videos like this one, and other kinds too!  link are below :)  *****************************************************************  join the freedom! network with me:   cheap games g2a.com/r/cpelchat1  ***find me elsewhere***  website:   facebook:  twitter:  google+:  instagram page:  vine:  snapchat: cpelchat1 blog: christianpelchat.blogspot.ca soundcloud:   email: cpelchat1000@gmail.com  vlog channel:   if you are reading this you are awesome! now comment this: "i am awesome!!! :d" mic setup: blue snowball (mine is blue)  us -  ca -   wind pop filter us -  ca -   microphone stand us -  ca - craft games youtube dna adventure gaming tekkit mods pelchat flying machines minecraft cpelchat1000 modpack genes attack pig bat space dragon galactic new cpelchat1000gaming sweet christian awesome b-team
high river autoplex - rv types & go rving in alberta | western direct insurance western direct interactive talks with doug from high river autoplex in alberta. there are many types of rv's available at high river autoplex such as 5th wheels, tent campers, motor homes and diesel pushers. there are many parks along the mountain range that are perfect for rving.  if you already own or plan on purchasing an rv, you'll need insurance! western direct offers rv insurance at affordable rates:   follow western direct on twitter:   like western direct on facebook:   go rving throughout alberta! western direct western direct insurance high river autoplex rvs recreational vehicles go rving rv insurance rv types rv canada canada rv
near wasagamack first nation, manitoba wasagamack first nation in manitoba is only accessible by boat from the nearest airstrip at st. theresa point. it's a beautiful boat ride of about 15 minutes in the northern part of the canadian province. wasagamack first nation manitoba st. theresa point canada
attack of the b team - episode 21: starting to play with genetics! you can check out even more of my videos like this one, and other kinds too!  link are below :)  *****************************************************************  join the freedom! network with me:   cheap games g2a.com/r/cpelchat1  ***find me elsewhere***  website:   facebook:  twitter:  google+:  instagram page:  vine:  snapchat: cpelchat1 blog: christianpelchat.blogspot.ca soundcloud:   email: cpelchat1000@gmail.com  vlog channel:   if you are reading this you are awesome! now comment this: "i am awesome!!! :d" mic setup: blue snowball (mine is blue)  us -  ca -   wind pop filter us -  ca -   microphone stand us -  ca - christian galactic awesome sweet games b-team space mods machines new attack genes cpelchat1000gaming cpelchat1000 youtube craft gaming minecraft pelchat modpack tekkit
generations theme during star trek: the ultimate voyage show in winnipeg the orchestra plays the generations theme at star trek: the ultimate voyage at the burton cummings theatre in winnipeg on april 16, 2016! the theme was an ode to the enterprise! star trek enterprise generations orchestra
attack of the b team - episode 53: look at all the poi we found! you can check out even more of my videos like this one, and other kinds too!  link are below :)  *****************************************************************  join the freedom! network with me:   cheap games g2a.com/r/cpelchat1  ***find me elsewhere***  website:   facebook:  twitter:  google+:  instagram page:  vine:  snapchat: cpelchat1 blog: christianpelchat.blogspot.ca soundcloud:   email: cpelchat1000@gmail.com  vlog channel:   if you are reading this you are awesome! now comment this: "i am awesome!!! :d" mic setup: blue snowball (mine is blue)  us -  ca -   wind pop filter us -  ca -   microphone stand us -  ca - sweet attack galactic cpelchat1000 dna minecraft space flying youtube genes craft tekkit pig adventure gaming games bat mods b-team machines new christian pelchat dragon modpack awesome cpelchat1000gaming
hm cutter sherbourne  new project 22
the greenlandic way. trailer. three men and one woman travel 4,000 km in a small open boat "the greenlandic way" - the hard way. they travel with no special equipment or protection from the outside world. their mission is to observe and record life in the high arctic so that the voices of its northernmost inhabitants are heard.  expedition avannaa greenland north polar adventure ole jorgen hammeken uummannaq qaanaaq savissivik qeqertat kullorsuaq nuussuaq aappilattoq arctic polar eskimo galya morrell norwhales hunters seals robert peary matthew henson climate change icebergs
attack of the b team - episode 23: analyzing lots of dna! you can check out even more of my videos like this one, and other kinds too!  link are below :)  *****************************************************************  join the freedom! network with me:   cheap games g2a.com/r/cpelchat1  ***find me elsewhere***  website:   facebook:  twitter:  google+:  instagram page:  vine:  snapchat: cpelchat1 blog: christianpelchat.blogspot.ca soundcloud:   email: cpelchat1000@gmail.com  vlog channel:   if you are reading this you are awesome! now comment this: "i am awesome!!! :d" mic setup: blue snowball (mine is blue)  us -  ca -   wind pop filter us -  ca -   microphone stand us -  ca - craft space youtube sweet attack gaming cpelchat1000 tekkit mods machines cpelchat1000gaming awesome new christian b-team modpack galactic minecraft games genes pelchat
camping at emily provincial park  camping (literature subject) emily provincial park camping canoeing canoeing (sport) campfire smores fun weekend family canada ontario parks
shopping day | drivenmonkeyvlog #59  previous day |   twitter |   instagram |  ------------------------------ snapchat | thedrivenmonkey                   loving snapchat recently                  add me up for fun stories and snapbacks!  contact | thedrivenmonkey@gmail.com ___  thanks for watching. please remember to subscribe and share if you liked :) youtube get seen on youtube sherwood park dmvlog vlogmania chasing thrills thrill seeking edmonton vlog vlogger daily vlog youtuber
northern manitoba community declares state of emergency a northern manitoba community has declared a state of emergency, after a fire destroyed its only grocery store and band office.  subscribe to ctv news to watch more videos:   connect with ctv news: for the latest news visit:   for a full video offering visit the ctv news network:   ctv news on facebook:    ctv news on twitter:    watch ctv news on twitter:   ctv news on google+:   ctv news on instagram:   ctv news on pinterest:   ctv news on vine:    --- ctv news is canada's most-watched news organization both locally and nationally, and has a network of national, international, and local news operations. ctv news ctv news state of emergency manitoba reserve aboriginal first nation
exhausted boston terriers after a walk this was after a short walk. boston's are sensitive dogs to heat and cold and caution should be taken when exposing them to these conditions !! no boston's were injured in the making of this video  music: sneaking up by audionautix is licensed under a creative commons attribution license ( artist:  boston terriers walk boston terrier winnipeg boston terrier panting boston terrier tired boston terrier cute boston terrier old boston terrier canada boston terrier canadian boston terrier exhausted boston terrier blind boston terrier happy boston terrier
bicycle collectors - now on kickstarter!   eliteplayingcards.com  i do not own any part of this video.  for more playing cards go to collectableplayingcards.com and use the code vjose32 for 10% off all orders. also use the code vic10 to get $10 off the cpc club membership.  the code vjose32 also works great at richiescardstore.com and cartesmagie.com for more discounts!       playing cards deck review cards vjose32 kickstarter (website) bicycle collectors elite playing cards bicycle collectors cards collectors cards playing card (collection category)
vj reacts to cards for more playing cards go to collectableplayingcards.com and use the code vjose32 for 10% off all orders. also use the code vic10 to get $10 off the cpc club membership.  also check out playingcards.net and use gw2015 for 10% off there.  the code vjose32 also works great at richiescardstore.com and cartesmagie.com for more discounts!       playing cards deck review cards vjose32 playing card collection playing card (collection category) vj reacts vj reacts to cards deck report kickstarter report kickstarter (website) bicycle uspc
        
celebrating national perogy day with shopping spree october 8 is national perogy day and what better way to celebrate perogy day than to have a shopping spree of perogies!  congratulations to vanessa wiens for winning a bag full of perogies from the country perogy shop. steinbach online steinbachonline stol steinbach the country perogy shop the country perogie shop perogies perogy national perogie day national perogy day country 107 country107
richer school- mix classroom of the month johnny yelinek won a mix classroom of the month party for his whole grade 3/4 class.  subs from subway and prizes for everyone!  kids you can be our next winner. just enter on the mix page on steinbachonline.com mix classroom of the month johnny yelinek winner contest subway sandwich corny rempel party prizes
attack of the b team - episode 32: analyzing fossils! you can check out even more of my videos like this one, and other kinds too!  link are below :)  *****************************************************************  join the freedom! network with me:   cheap games g2a.com/r/cpelchat1  ***find me elsewhere***  website:   facebook:  twitter:  google+:  instagram page:  vine:  snapchat: cpelchat1 blog: christianpelchat.blogspot.ca soundcloud:   email: cpelchat1000@gmail.com  vlog channel:   if you are reading this you are awesome! now comment this: "i am awesome!!! :d" mic setup: blue snowball (mine is blue)  us -  ca -   wind pop filter us -  ca -   microphone stand us -  ca - awesome minecraft genes youtube sweet christian new machines mods tekkit cpelchat1000gaming games craft pelchat gaming b-team space modpack attack galactic cpelchat1000
become lost in chapleau have you ever been lost? here is your invitation to become lost in your passions as you explore chapleau!  for more on chapleau go to  chapleau ontario (city/town/village) vacation travel adventure holiday tourism (interest) canada (country)
attack of the b team - episode 98: fossils fail! you can check out even more of my videos like this one, and other kinds too!  link are below :)  *****************************************************************  join the freedom! network with me:   cheap games g2a.com/r/cpelchat1  ***find me elsewhere***  website:   facebook:  twitter:  google+:  instagram page:  vine:  snapchat: cpelchat1 blog: christianpelchat.blogspot.ca soundcloud:   email: cpelchat1000@gmail.com  vlog channel:   if you are reading this you are awesome! now comment this: "i am awesome!!! :d" mic setup: blue snowball (mine is blue)  us -  ca -   wind pop filter us -  ca -   microphone stand us -  ca - modpack tekkit pelchat pig gaming genes youtube dragon cpelchat1000gaming cpelchat1000 flying minecraft new attack craft adventure machines dna bat mods games b-team space sweet galactic awesome christian
attack of the b team - episode 65: scanning for sheep! you can check out even more of my videos like this one, and other kinds too!  link are below :)  *****************************************************************  join the freedom! network with me:   cheap games g2a.com/r/cpelchat1  ***find me elsewhere***  website:   facebook:  twitter:  google+:  instagram page:  vine:  snapchat: cpelchat1 blog: christianpelchat.blogspot.ca soundcloud:   email: cpelchat1000@gmail.com  vlog channel:   if you are reading this you are awesome! now comment this: "i am awesome!!! :d" mic setup: blue snowball (mine is blue)  us -  ca -   wind pop filter us -  ca -   microphone stand us -  ca - youtube b-team bat attack machines games gaming tekkit modpack flying christian new adventure galactic dna cpelchat1000gaming cpelchat1000 minecraft genes awesome pig mods space dragon pelchat craft sweet
winnipeg kayak tales: annie's maiden voyage paddling on the rennie river with my sweet annie. a beautiful day with my beautiful gal.  "sweet annie" song by zac brown band, and very fitting, thank you.  i do not own any part of this music. kayak rennie river paddling river kayaking (sport) water whiteshell manitoba (canadian province) winnipeg (city/town/village) canada (country)
comment pcher le dor  l'ouverture? voici la meilleur technique de pche au dor/sandre  l'ouverture,  en dbut de saison. pche de la sandre   l'ouverture? pche dor sandre technique ouverture youtube comment
edmonton flooding 2013 my girlfriend and i had just finished a shoot with wildlife and weddings when we noticed a tree floating down the river. we grabbed our cameras and headed out to get some beautiful shots.   enjoy and check out our page.   alberta flood edmonton flood edmonton flooding canada flood north saskatchewan river north saskatchewan river flood 2013 june 22 2013 flood (disaster type)
moonshine shiver minnows from redrockstore.com moonshine shiver minnows in size 3 scattered all over the floor at red rock.  we had a run on them over the weekend and picked orders furiously to get them out the door.  backorders will be following as we made sure that everybody got some of their order. shiver minnows for walleyes #3 shiver minnows for walleye fishing moonshine tacke shiver lures for walleye fishing redrockstore.com shiver minnows moonshine tackle
alexandra falls alexandra falls, twin falls territorial park, nt/denendeh. alexandra falls nwt denendeh dene hay river
fermilab nova experiment - mayor of orr, mn mayor joseph long of orr, mn discusses the impact of the fermilab nova experiment on his community. fermilab nova neutrinos community neutrino
minnesota family vacation at ely minnesota a 1.5 minute tour of this ely, minnesota resort on the fernberg road northeast of ely, mn!  please "like" this video! mn vacation getaways mn family vacation mn family resort mn fishing resort art vacation resort northwind lodge ely jasper lake ely learning to paint
survol de la baie-des-chaleurs entre caplan & bonaventure  / par gilles babin  c-ildg gilles babin caplan bonaventure ultra-leger ultra leger ultra light ulm avion challenger ii
davie 22 may 16 diving the george t davie, 22 may 16 with kingston dive charters. kingston dive charters scuba diving george t davie lake ontario
bwca 6 day frost river loop part 2 part 2: day 3 of 6 (and the morning of day 4). we do the frost river and try to find an acceptable campsite for a suspected thunderstorm coming our way.   again... i'm learning as i go with these videos. sorry about the quality.   like and subscribe. if you have any videos please comment and i'll respond when i can. frost river bwca bwcaw portage canoe tripping canoe baby turtle moose shed moose hail camping mora lake
boundary waters portage a real-time, solo, single-trip, 20-rod portage on the kawishiwi river in minnesota's boundary waters.  see a two-person double-trip portage here:  boundary waters canoe portage
aaron kaercher & crazy neighbors, "smile" on the playlist fresh music from the end of the road, ely, mn.  aaron kaercher and his crazy neighbors bring their music to the playlist.  the band includes  aaron kaercher, kyle westrick, chris henningsen and chip hanson. aaron kaercher the playlist wdse duluth ely crazy neighbors kyle westrick chris henningsen chip hanson
boy scout troop 400 boundary waters trip 2011 small slideshow of some pictures my dad and i took in minnesota on a week-long canoeing trip.  i don't own the song, it is the tree, by rush. +scout(scouting) +boundary waters +lake +minnesota +canada
island south of the white mud on the peace river  peace river (river) harbor craft jet boating picnic camp fire
whale watching - tadoussac, quebec - a compilation a little compilation video i made of the various video clips i took while whale watching in tadoussac, quebec during the labour day long weekend, 2009.    fellow children of the 90s may also appreciate the free willy reference and michael jackson accompaniment.      enjoy! tadoussac quebec whales michael jackson will you be there
the painted canoe of ely a painted history of the wilderness surrounding ely, minnesota from the industrial revolution until 1978, the inception of the boundary waters canoe area wilderness law.  the flagship art piece in promoting into the brush, inc. a non-profit, art/wilderness education program in northern minnesota. painted canoe ely mn ely mn art art history ely mn bwca history wilderness canoeing canoe grumman canoe history fine art ely mn painted canoe of ely into the brush.org intothebrush painting classes learning to paint wilderness
gopro: witch hunting at boundary waters editor: sung-moon jason won term: 2015 summer location: trail's end campground, boundary waters, mn device: gopro hero 4 silver edition, gopro hero 3+ silver edition music: "tap v2" by kevin macleod, "bang bang bang" by bigbang, "ultralounge" by kevin macleod  thank you for watching! please write comments if you have any question. camping (literature subject) boundary waters canoe area wilderness (protected site)
boundary waters: quetico provincial park park fly-in canoe trip this fly-in canoe trip to the quetico provincial park in canada was planned and outfitted by north country canoe outfitters of ely, minnesota.  north country canoe outfitters provides trip planning and rental equipment for canoe camping trips to the boundary waters canoe area wilderness and quetico provincial park.   boundarywaters.com  video was shot and edited by sarah & jeff hood: sarahmcow.com. boundary waters (location) boundary waters canoe area wilderness (protected site) quetico provincial park (protected site) canoeing (sport) camping canoe outfitters canoeing bwca bwca outfitters ely ely (city/town/village) minnesota (us state) minnesota canoeing tourist destination
kevlar canoe refinishing - sanding sanding a souris river canoe to prep for refinishing with epoxy resin kevlar canoe repair kevlar canoe refinishing canoe repair canoe (ship type) kevlar (textile) souris river canoe quetico 17 refinishing a kevlar canoe applying epoxy to a kevlar canoe epoxy resin canoe
north country canoe outfitters: 1940's film & photos historic photos of ely, minnesota, and film from the 40's showing canoeing on the kawishiwi river.  boundarywaters.com boundary waters bwca outfitters north country canoe outfitters ely mn
voyageurs national park  voyageurs national park (protected site) national park national park service minnesota wilderness canoeing boating kettle falls hotel kettle falls voyageur
lacroix outfitters one or two person canoe lift canoe lift demonstration - one and two person demo. canoe lift canoe portaging bwcaw quetico ely minnesota
bwca solo hike '14  michael gungor (musical artist) beautiful things (musical album) boundary waters canoe area wilderness (protected site) hiking (sport)
spectacular!! whale watching tadoussac, qc in august of 2012, my husband and i decided to celebrate our 4th wedding anniversary by embarking on a whale watching expedition from the quaint village of tadoussac, quebec (located on the saguenay fjord). the results were beyond our wildest dreams. so we made this video. whale quebec canada fin whale humpback blue whale zodiac tadoussac melissa and steve whale watching seals animals mammals st. lawrence river fjord saint lawrence fleuve saint-laurent saint-laurent le beluga aml cruise adventure
hurricane matthew - brook still raging in bishop's falls to see more of how hurricane matthew affected newfoundland go to:    subscribe to cbc nl to watch more videos:   for your daily cbc nl news fix:  cbc nl on twitter:  cbc nl on facebook:   cbc nl is now on youtube. join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. connect with us about what you'd like to see here. newfoundland labrador cbcnl hurricane matthew weather flooding bishop's falls nlwx storm
foxy our little visitor i made this video completely with my ipod. took the pix, the video. use music from my ipod and did the editing. fox
planting and watering 1cor:3:6 i have planted, apollos watered; but god gave the increase.  7: so then neither is he that planteth any thing, neither he that watereth; but god that giveth the increase.  8: now he that planteth and he that watereth are one: and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labour.  9: for we are labourers together with god: ye are god's husbandry, ye are god's building.    if you would like to know more about the   gospel text mission, or inquire about a sign,   please contact the appropriate party for more   disclosure.    canadian side.    florence junop  64 linwood street  london, ontario n5y 1w2  phone: (519) 455-5287  toll free: 1-866-789-0230  e-mail: gospeltext@bellnet.ca      american side:    brother casper koning  gospel text mission  po box 604  madison, tn  37116-0604  cross plains, tn.   telephone: (615) 654-3390  gospeltext@juno.com   planting seed gospel signs preaching the gospel
1st time wakeboarding........got concust!!!! just because you can snowboard, it doesn't mean you can wakeboard! first time on a wakeboard i tried to whip myself and get some serious air.......lol........i only got a foot of air and a concussion!!  oh and careful how you take videos on an iphone, gotta hold it sideways and camera top right otherwise you gotta turn your computer sideways!!! wakeboard concussion 2012
rockwood lodge and outfitters, boundary waters canoe area wildnerness  - 218-388-2242   rockwood lodge and outfitters, boundary waters canoe area wildnerness, grand marais, minnesota, gunflint trail rockwood lodge and outfitters grand marais minnesota gunflint trail
the coastal hiking trail - part 3 of 6 day 3.  i hike from rhyolite cove to beatty cove. hiking backpacking camping lake superior lake superior provincial park coastal hiking trail cooking tuna caserole dehydrated food
moose of isle royale video & photos of moose on isle royale national park. adventure nature travel log destination moose outdoors
canoe fraser river - deas island slough a few highlights from canoeing the fraser river, deas island slough near ladner bc, april 2016. went around the tip of deas island to the main channel of the fraser river. current was running pretty strong so didn't play in the main channel very long. canoe fraser river deas island ladner rebel canoe
isle royale 2010 backpacking trip boys 2010 isle royale 14 day backpacking trip 7/24/10 - 8/7/2010 camp manito-wish boys intermediate outpost session 2 camp manito-wish backpacking isle royale national park nature hiking travel tourism outdoors outdoors tourism nature
ve3fal/pm 18157.5 feb 14 2015 1600z -36c with windchill and drifting and blowing snow. was able to hear w3ff loud and clear at my location. running vx-1210 and military whip, was at 20 watts while calling budd. vertex vx-1210 hf radio low power radio military radio pedestrian radio w3ff
manitoulin island fall 2016 manitoulin island sunset fall 2016 waterfall 2016 belfour manitoulin island sunset fall 2016 family fall manitoulin fall 2016
black bear hunting in nw ontario canada a color phase black bear coming in to a bait site while rebaiting. black bear hunting in nw ontario is excellent with the bear population being at an all time high. enjoy a high success black bear hunting trip in nw ontario canada with gateway north outfitters.   black bear bear hunting ontario canada nw gateway north outfitters black bear hunting bear hunting bear hunting in ontario
voil pourquoi une boule  en avant . j'avais  reculer soit mon bateau ou un voyage de bois,  souvent c'tait le soir je ne le voyais pas  et je devais attendre le lendemain de jour pour le faire. c'est alors que j'ai dcid d'installer une boule en avant. la misre venait de finir pour la remplacer par le plaisir de de ne plus reculer,  mais avancer. boule attache-remorque accouplement pratique
deanna bogart with tab benoit tab benoit joins deanna bogart and her band at kilroy's for after bluesfest party tab benois deanna bogart thunder bay live music
bicycles for humanity- thunder bay- loading day bicycles for humanity- thunder bay chapter, moves out 525 bikes, 150 wheels, and assorted parts destined for namibia. it is thanks to the many volunteers who helped load the 5th container! empowerment network klassen
deer a flock of deer on an island in the city. they roam free all over, this is just one of the spots they wait for food deer hunting wildlife thunder bay ontario canada animals
mary walker and storm carroll "hold on" thunder bay at the foundry dec 15/2012 thunder bay live music the foundry mary walker storm carroll
tour du domaine des larochelle en abitibi tour du domaine des larochelle en abitibi photos 046
en voilier a moteur sur le st-laurent en face de quebec going 6-7 knots along with the tide, no wind, onboard an aloha 28 feet equiped with a yanmar 2gm20f sailboat voilier yacht saint-laurent st-lawrence yanmar 2gm20f ville de quebec
mackenzie point conservation area this video was taken place at mackenzie point conservation area, which is located 20 minutes from thunder bay, on. thunder bay (city/town/village) lake superior (lake) tourist destination tourism (interest) mackenzie point conservation area ontario (canadian province) lakehead region conservation authority protected area canada great lakes region (region) water shoreline mackenzie point conservation area lakeshore drive lakeshore drive
clova et  histoire a fern!! histoire de pche a fern!!! histoire pche clova
kayak kaboose - 60 pound load test 1 (kayak accessories) performing a 60 pound load test on the kayak kaboose. the kayak kaboose is an aquatic carrier, effortlessly towed behind the kayak, canoe, or personal watercraft. it is a must have for anyone looking for kayak accessories for their extended trip. for additional information please visit:  kayak kayak accessories kayak kaboose watercraft towable
prime minister justin trudeau in thunder bay prime minister justin trudeau in thunder bay. the pm was in the city making an announcement of funding for transit. he was introduced by minister patty hajdu, and minister gravelle, mayor keith hobbs and mp don rusnak spoke. trudeau justin trudeau thunder bay transit prime minister
racing orcas - twillingate, newfoundland - 1080p60 whale-watching on a zodiac boat, keeping pace with a pod of five orcas.   two of the orcas swam under our boat several minutes earlier:   shot on 14 july 2015 in the waters off twillingate, newfoundland on ocean quest adventures's zodiac boat tour.  killer whale (organism classification) twillingate (city/town/village) newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) high frame rate (film format)
nunavik - quebec's far north - summer eco-tourism adventure featuring scenery, wildlife, people, culture and activities in the northern part of nunavik, quebec's far north. 2:43 tourisme quebec nunavik tourism association nunavik quebec tourism (industry) qubec (canadian province) nunavik (location) nunavik-tourism.com quebecoriginal.com adventures north productions adventuresnorth.com steve macinnis
copper harbor michigan copper harbor is a beautiful place to relax and unwind. we enjoyed a slower pace of life while visiting, but found plenty of interesting things to investigate. make sure to visit the jampot. it's a bakery run by monks from the order of st. john and is a great place to pick up some bilberry jam. copper harbor michigan manganese falls clark mine brockway mountain upper peninsula u.p. michigan
mysterious rock faces a rock garden of tower monoliths produce faces that appear in the rock from different angles.  there are at least 9 faces but likely many more.  i see a sleeping dog, two rabbits, several people and other occult faces that appeared but did not seem apparent to the naked eye.  only the camera seemed to pick them up.  strange! lake superior slate islands mysterious faces
drone photography - an ottawa spring morning - dji phantom aerial photography filmed with a dji phantom 3 advanced.  my beautiful city of ottawa, canada on an early spring morning.   ottawa is the capital city of canada. it stands on the south bank of the ottawa river in the eastern portion of southern ontario. imovie
canadian outback's bald eagle safari in squamish, bc view the world's largest population of bald eagles each winter in squamish, just a short drive from vancouver and whistler, bc.  more info at  bald eagle watching eco-tourism
ishpeming point firetower isle royale 2006 a view inside the firetower from the '60's during a 2006 trip.  when we stopped for a break at the tower we unexpectedly found the trap door was left open so we had the opportunity to see what was left of the furnishings inside.  obviously some vandalism over the years, but it still gives a good idea of how things were in earlier times. isle royale michigan national park ishpeming fire tower
mount dewey trail. wrangell, alaska  my dewey trail wrangell alaska
the rooms the rooms is a cultural facility in st. john's, newfoundland and labrador, canada. the facility opened in 2005 and houses the art gallery of newfoundland and labrador, the provincial archives of newfoundland and labrador and the provincial museum of newfoundland and labrador. the rooms art galary newfoundland and labrador (canadian province) canada (country) provincial archives museum (building function) dji phantom arris cm2000 gimbal rc
castle hill national historic site, placentia, newfoundland and labrador (by peter bull) last summer, after leaving cape st. mary's, we headed to placentia to check out castle hill national historic site. the hill has the remnants of english and french fortifications from the 17th and 18th centuries. many a battle was waged over this strategic piece of high ground. we took in the visitor center first and then headed to the castle. the day was perfect for taking in the easy hiking trails around the hill. we used the headsets available at the visitor's center to learn more about the history as we walked around. castle hill is definitely worth the stop if you are in the placentia bay area. castle hill placentia newfoundland newfoundland and labrador newfoundlandlabrador peter bull french history war 1812 basque placentia bay
tracy k "i'd do anything" thunder bay blues festival  july 5/2013 thunder bay live music thunder bay bluesfest tracy k
eagle river, michigan - waterfalls eagle river, michigan waterfalls keweenaw county,michigan during a spring melt down.                       film by tom landowski upper peninsula michigan eagle river phoenix central delaware keweenaw copper country waterfalls snow melt down eagle harbor keweenaw peninsula (location) copper inland county seat garden city road michigan hwy 26 waterfall (ontology class) michigan (us state) copper snow mely houghton michigan calumet michigan lake superior (lake)
dmolition du  "centre" communautaire de dubreuilville, 1965-2015 film et dit par adrien dubreuil.    musique:  chanson #1 autumn leaves (les feuilles mortes) edith piaf  chanson #2 chanson folklorique canadienne-franaise artiste inconnu  chanson #3 chevaliers de la table ronde luc benoit music video clips
ebb tide whirlpools at skookumchuck narrows   skookumchuck means "strong water." skookumchuck narrows is an unusual geological feature. it consists of a narrow opening between the open waters of the georgia strait and the large sechelt inlet. as the tide comes in and out, water pours through this opening, creating the sechelt rapids. the difference in water levels between one side of the rapids and the other can exceed two metres in height. the speed of the current can exceed 30 km/hr. whirlpools ebb tide rapids
motorcycle ride - erieau ontario erieau harbour - erieau ontario erieau ontario erieau harbour lake erie erieau boating motorcycling
ttdt rothesay aug 9 2016 the turkey dive team (ttdt) headed out for an evening dive at the rothesay wreck just outside of prescott ontario canada.  thanks to craig for a great dive and the night dive that followed.  :) ttdt turkey dvie team scuba diving wreck prescott ontario canada ottawa rothesay shore dive
boston terrier swimming with a life jacket  |  boston terribles panic swimmer gains confidence with a life jacket!      boston terrier, swimming, best breed for a family pet, kid friendly, funny, entertaining, boston terrier breed!        boston terrier, female, dog, funny, goofy, boston terrier breed boston terrier dog cute pets pure breed small dog family pet family friendly dogs agility swimming (sport) training pet (website category) life jacket cuteness funny lol lolz haha
bristle blocks - a classic and engaging toy for 2 yr olds bristle blocks are a wonderful classic toy that has been in the preschool building toy repertoire for over 30 years, and for good reason.   all building toys offer challenge and stimulate creativity. because of the way bristle blocks are constructed, fitting together in so many ways, they offer kids immediate building success. this provides a great sense of satisfaction and pride which encourages children in their building efforts.  watch and learn more about this great toy for 2 year olds from judy, mountain baby owner.  see more:   mountain baby is located in beautiful downtown nelson, british columbia canada.  visit our online store or call us directly   connect with us on facebook:   toll-free 1.888.990.2292  local 250.352.1789  mailto:info@mountainbaby.com 2 year old toy bristle blocks playing learning play battat bristle blocks 56 toys toddler children child (tagged topic) preschool (grade level) classic toy mountain baby judy banfield baby (play) nelson bc british columbia (canadian province) kootenays (location) canada (country)
cottage 2016 grumpy old men at the cottage - 2016 watabeag lake ontario canada fishbone mighty long way cottage
black feather rapids run - steve & shane here's stephen barkley and shane metcalfe running a portion of black feather rapids. missinaibi black feather river rapids canoe ontario
rc adventures - ttc 2012 - eps 2 - obstacle course - scale 4x4 truck challenge click here to subscribe!   - 1080hd is mind blowing!   this is the worlds first free 30 minute rc ttc video produced by the rcsparks studio & the rude boyz rc club.  drumheller's badlands are no place for just a "regular" rc truck. oh no - this is the place where monster tough truck 4x4 rigs roam! this is a competition for 10th scale radio controlled 4x4 rigs, with a 2.2 sized inside diameter tire. this film is the 2nd in this 2012 ttc video series, as the competitors tackle the "obstacle" course.   the course is very steep and a challenge to even the most skilled drivers.  lots of rough and tumble, a drop of doom bridge and many hairy pitfalls along the way. this event is not timed, rather.. scored and judged on how you drive it. "backups", "roll-overs" "touches" and broken parts are all apart of how you are scored, individually.   this is the "badlands" of drumheller, alberta, canada. known for its overwhelming amount of fossils, dinosaurs congregated in this area millions of years ago.. and have left their mark in this desert like climate. drumheller used to be completely under the ocean.. and after allll these years later.. here we are with our rigs.. competing in some of the worlds most challenging area!     rcsparks studio gets down and dirty for you.. putting together more than 250+ clips for you to see the action! we filmed all day for 12 hours.. and put extra effort into this film. i wanted you to feel like you were right in the action!  you may not have been able to attend.. but i did - and that means in your face rc action - for free :~)   i used very little music on purpose. i think to make this video more appealing to people around the world - i left the sound of action, the trucks and the people. this way - if you do want music - you can play your own, over top of this video during playback.    pass on this video, share it.. and let the world see how much fun people can have as a group of eager hobbyests!   i hope you enjoy the show.  this video was 5gb in size, took 24 hours to render in final cut pro x this video also took 7 hours to upload and process.   the rcsparks studio films with 3 different cameras.  1) main - sony hxr-nx70u nxcam compact camcorder  2) secondary - sony hdr-xr550v compact camcorder  3) go-pro hero2 camera  i use final cut pro x for video editing.  ___________________________________   most of the trucks can cost as little as $500 - all the way up to over $1000+ - again dependent on the setups of choice.  you can find entry level kits to start with by clicking on the pmhobbycraft web link below! remember to get a battery.. haha.   a special thank you to the family that helped out on this great show. both david sr, david jr and sandy - you know who you are - i hope the rcsparks studio does you proud in this, and in the upcoming videos! you were excellent hosts.. and we all thank you so much!   the rude boyz rc club went above and beyond what i thought was possible this year.. and as a team, "chunder" and "krazy joe" blew us all away with a smash success!   millions of people will enjoy these videos for years to come.   thank you to the sponsors  pm hobbycraft for great prize donations  xxx main - for the dvd's, stickers and t-shirts!  amr racing rc for even more amazing swag & posters!  where i get my rc's -     jem & medic's sponsors for this event - vanquish products, amrracingrc, tekin racing, gocrazyrc & rc rock armor  pinky's & medic's wheel rims -   our custom bumpers:   tshirt & decal sponsors !     &   the music used in this video is royalty free,  and produced by kevin macleod.   twitter:  facebook:    rcsparks studio:   rc forums:   rc photo gallery:   created by:   djmedic2008:  editing clips:  mepic nation fan channel:    subscribe, it's free!  branding, media, & business inquiries:  rcsparks studio p.o. box # 89133 70 high street calgary alberta canada t2z 3w3      note: i do not sell rc's djmedic2008 rcsparks studio radio control rc adventures forum remote radio control (invention) drumheller alberta youtube rude boyz rc tough truck competition ttc stc group trail run gathering compete scale 4x4 trucks axial tamiya rc4wd boys rudeboyzrc rudeboysrc pmhobbycraft amrracingrc xxxmain vanquish products automobiles outdoor sports team road djmedic dj medic dj medic 2008 aaron bidochka rcsparks studio rc adventures adventures google go pro sony hobby hobbies rc addict tutorial success full time youtuber career rc videos rc videographer most subscribed 100000 extreme awesome story community share fun excitement pass-time learning
slow down a bit for the kayakers!!!! disclaimer:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::do not take this seriously!!! take it lightly and with a smile, don't judge by this clip. you'd probably say something like this yourself if it were you behind the helm of this vessel with a bunch of pain-in-the-ass kayakers in the way in the middle of nowhere. of course you would. gasoline rules. blueberry954
dancing bears squamish took this from my back porch, about 60ft away. mvi 1851
magoos watching the boats south of grande prairie on the wapiti river. racing boats jet boats river magoos wapiti river alberta canada
snowshoe expedition to ishpatina ridge 2011 trailer traditional winter camping expedition to ishpatina ridge in temagami, on view the full video here:   courtesy of: lure of the north ( winter camping moccasins ishpatina ridge temagami snowshoe
mermaid daisy   mermaid daffe  sigma 2 - val-d'or mermaid daisy & mermaid daffe /facebook pages :         sirne mermaid (character species) val-d'or (city/town/village)
pche du brochet en rivire en dbut de saison nous avons fait une petite sortie de pche aux brochets en rivire et nous avons eux quelques beaux rsultat. brochet rivire pche saison
chalet chez robrert visages des passagers abord d'une hydravion. visage hydravion avion pont laviolette robert fleuve saint laurent
pche  la perchaude en fin de saison de pche sur glace + prise surprise voici le vido de notre dernire sortie de pche sur glace pour la saison 2016 ! pche perchaude crapet
pche truite grise rservoir gouin voici un vido de pche au touladi (truite grise) en haute-mauricie au rservoir gouin pche truite truite grise touladi quebec pche qubec rservoir gouin
pche truite mouchete rgion de portneuf nous sommes alls pcher la truite mouchet sur un lac prive dans la rgion de portneuf truite truite mouchete porneuf pche
leurre articul : jointed rapala jointed rapala : nage entre 3-14'                               corp de 2'' a 5''1/4                               offert en plusieurs couleurs et imitation de poissons leurre articul idal pour activer des spots de pche. ce leurre est fait pour faire remonter les poisson a la surface. noeud : rapala fil : monofilement et fil tress rapala jointed pche casting articuler
les torhas des neiges info senneterre prsente deux femmes de senneterre qui participeront  les roses des sables pour l'dition de 2013 senneterre tvc7 abitibi roses des sables abitibi info senneterre tlvision jessica tire isabelle jean les torhas des neiges
scorpio-ld en maison bateau sur rserrvoir gouin aprs une longue absence de la pche active, pourquoi pas refaire un retour en grand. voyage de pche au rservoir gouin en maison bateau. scorpio-ld pche rservoir gouin maison bateau
yamaha vxr 2012 - go pro hero2 - jump 2! journe en arrire d'un boat!!! hmmmm des belles vagues :)) yamaha vxr motomarine 2012 val-d'or vd abitibi a-t qubec qc auger chris marina thompson rivire eau lac gopro go pro hero2 hero
guide de pche bm prsente une journe de peche a la ouananiche au lac st-jean cette vido traite de peche a la ouananiche au lac st-jean imovie lac saint-jean ouananiche
pourvoirie lac des dix-milles  pourvoirie lac des dix milles
rservoir gouin oasis 2009  rservoir gouin oasis 2009